3 compliments: 1) youuuu have made us being apart for so long bearable, fun, exciting and wonderful as I've felt connected, supported, that you were always available to me, we could still learn and grow with eachother, play with eachother and spend time with eachother. 2) youuuuu squeezed my leg when we kissed goodbye after Wales and I think about that feeling a lot 3) youuuu would be so easy and fun to host because you know your own boundaries and make it easy for others to make you happy
Youuuuu take so much pleasure in my excitement and it's really fun for me to feel that I can get excited over whatever weird things excite me, lighters, puddles, love heart waffles, half brains, and you'll not care what it is and just love and bathe in my personality regardless
And then they go “mh I guess maybe I’ll be going to visit this film person in London with Aaron, but they are really interested to know about x … can you go do some work for me so I can take x to the meeting ? Thank youuuuu”
Youuuuuu make sad or tragic things so normalised and unscary. It means that I can talk about anything and know that you won't overreact or make me feel guilty for  discussing something sad when you want to feel happy. It makes the timing of more difficult conversations much easier, when normally I'd want to push it back.
Youuuuu have this ability to make people want to please you because you are very satisfying to please butttt, you aren't selfish and you give gifts, time and acts of kindness just as generously, which you wouldn't necessarily need to other than for being a wonderful person.
youuuuuuuu matched my laugh in a beautiful way yesterday morning. I love your laugh so so so much, but yesterday on the phone it felt like we laughed together in harmony in a way that made me feel so happy to a part of something which I know to be amazing. "is that funny?" haha, yes - but it is also nectar to my heart. 
when I pretend cuddle youuuuuuu, I have so many beautiful feelings and moments I can dip into. I'll think about skipping, holding tight, hugging, close-up eye contact, bubbling gravy, your lower back, your cute feet on my lap, your breathing. I just dance and jump from moment to moment, holding each one tight and sinking deeper.
youuuuuu have such a good attitude to work. It's so refreshing and relieving that you don't take it too seriously and have perspective of life that is not revolved around approval from employers.
Youuuuuu make me feel understood and known increasingly often, I feel you celebrating things about me or acknowledging things about me which I also celebrate or know but I feel this is happening more and more and makes me feel more deeply loved.
I nearly thoughtlessly broke your hand on Thursday because you were being cute and playful and I wasn't thinking and youuuu held didn't think twice to just keep being cute and playful
In order: youuuuu tried hard to make maddison feel comfortable on Saturday making the space as welcoming and non threatening as possible, youuuuu called me out for being unclear with my intentions, youuuuu read my cards over and over, youuuuuu cooked the best goulash I've ever eaten, youuuuu allowed Anna to stroll into your flat like it was hers, youuuuuu will refuse are allergic to insincerity
Youuuuu are the most fun person to be weird with. I want your tongue on my neck, your body hanging off mine and a 12 hour wrestling bonanza. I've never felt weird, never felt ashamed or awkward, and its so easy to embrace
Youuuuu have this wonderful way of enjoying and celebrating mental limitations of mine. Like you kind of mock it, but without shaming and just enjoy and celebrate moments of cognitive failure
Youuuuu have the most incredible legs, and you bestowed them upon me on the bus in the best way. If I could live my life with your legs always hooked around mine I would
I want to give youuuu a compliment... you're so engaging and interesting when you tell a story. Be it outliers, or tea towels, or whatever murderer you've learnt about recently, there will be something fascinating, something funny, and something a little reflective
Youuuuuu have the most beautiful cohabitation relationship with Sopuru. When I first saw it, I think I assumed it was somehow fake or maybe you just admired her from afar but I really love how the two of you operate with and around eachother, it seems so kind and mutually thriving
Youuuuuu have a clear sense of what you want on a day off work, I can't imagine you often feel like a day is wasted because you have a plan and a list of things you want to do, productive, self-care, or social. Even if you don't do them, I think you'd reflect that it went okay.
Youuuuuuu are so good at not taking things too seriously, be it yourself or politics or work - you have a wonderful way of laughing at the absurdity and not being caught up in it
youuuuu swing your legs in the cutest way - I've said this before but it's so cute it deserves saying again, I have such a good mental image of happy baby cuddle position with your legs swinging as we rock overlooking the water.
youuuuu are easy to do decision making with. You take the lead in some situations, give it up in others, it often doesn't matter that much anyway, and you can lean into others' ideas and then share them really well.
Youuuuu very very rarely complain about things. You are someone who seeks comforts, softness, fluffiness and make things nice for yourself. But I might normally associate this with someone who is afraid of discomfort. But you also have a toughness which makes it fun to go for wet walks with you or relate with you when you are sick because you will be conscious about annoying other people, have perspective about discomfort, and find humour in the suffering.
Youuuuuu are really fun to talk with on the phone. We didn't really do it until we went on trip trip trips but some of my favourite times we've spent together have been in the evening when we both have nothing to do except giggle, reflect, listen. 
Youuuuuu have the best ways to make me feel appreciated. I feel like you often say "I'm bad at saying thank you" or something like this, but then you'll express appreciation through actions or expressions of glee and it feels so wonderful.
Youuuuu love the silly or unique things that people do. I guess it's part of you seeking honesty and sincerity in the world. In the small I think it means people reveal the weird things about themselves to you, in the big I think it means people can feel like themselves around you.
Youuuuu have a rediculously positive way of teasing people. It will never be a slander or a judgement, just pure joy at some defect which you genuinely love exists in their functioning.
Youuuuuu are regularly shockingly funny. Like lots of humour is a repetitive motion of laughing at an acknowledged shared thing - but you will often make me laugh through completely surprising jokes which is much funnier and more exciting.
Youuuuu made me scream in bed like I've never screamed before, I don't really know why I found it funny at the time but I think it was mostly surprise that I could feel like that.
I never feel awkward around you and part of that is that Youuuuu always acknowledge awkward things before they get awkward. Like "why are we sitting on chairs apart from eachother" or "you're only saying that because I said it", immediately becomes a shared joke, warm and fuzzy - whereas if it went unsaid it might have the potential for awkwardness.
Youuuuu have the best look when you're about to say something that you know will land well and make me smile "moving shampoo bottles", "sweet bodily fluids", "smokey wood smell" you pause, smile, proud of yourself for what you're about to say and it's so much fun because it builds up excitement in me and then we share in that moment of joy about whatever you have thought about.
Youuuuu were yourself around my family - or it felt that way to me anyway, and I don't know that that is such an easy thing and maybe took quite a lot of effort from you - either beforehand or during. I'm so happy you got to meet them and see a little bit more of me through them.
Youuuuu have written such a good riddle!!! where the dust quietly keeps... haha it's so good! All your gifts are gifts that keep on giving, that's the best thing about them.
Youuuuu manage our dynamic and time with your flatmate-relationship with Sopuru really well and I'm very grateful that you take charge of that. I don't have to worry about imposing on her space because I know you will make sure to respect her space, include her, and think of her needs before inviting me over. It makes me feel much more comfortable when I'm there.
Youuuuuu are beautifully forgiving. The way you do it isn't about relaxing your disappointment and hiding resentment, you rather go through a process of understanding. So you get to a point where you have genuine acceptance and clarity.
Youuuuu would be such a good person to lean on in a crisis. You said it about yourself yesterday but it's so true. In moments of pain when thoughts become irrational, you would be so good at providing a kind and level perspective. I think you have loads of empathy for people in sad situations but balance that with a big picture attitude which is grounding, real, and kind.
Youuuuu are so considered and thoughtful. I don't know how you have thought about so many things in your own time. We will reflect on things and you will just have such a clear sense because you have mulled it over in a way that amazes me.
jaaaa, it was a follow-up to this compliment: Youuuuu were yourself around my family - or it felt that way to me anyway, and I don't know that that is such an easy thing and maybe took quite a lot of effort from you - either beforehand or during. I'm so happy you got to meet them and see a little bit more of me through them.
Youuuuuu have high standards for social interactions. Or maybe I've just be trained on poor social interactions. But it feels to me that poor social engagement offends you, and good social engagement gives you joy and energy and life, and it's beautiful because it has made me much more conscious of when and how I am interacting when time is spent together.
Youuuuuu make me feel so appreciated and loved and it happens through everything you do. I feel so secure in your feelings towards me. But the thing that makes it even more beautiful is that the feeling comes from everything. It's puzzle pieces coming together of your behaviours, thoughts, actions and I feel so loved by all of it - this weekend included.
I like that youuuuu know what will make me excited or engaged. "oh you'll lose it when I tell you this" and it always delivers. Sometimes there's even a "oh you'd normally laugh at that" and there will be a reason I didn't. It shows how engaged you are and how attentive you are to me.
I reflect how much I like talking with youuuuuu, often when we have distractions in phone calls, or have something else on our mind... or one of us is tired... and the conversation is somehow struggling, then I realise how precious those moments are when we are both perfectly relaxed and fully engaged.
youuuuuu are so wonderful for planning how to build our relationship. Cards, trips, books, presents, playful interactions. I feel so deeply loved by this about you, so so grateful for it, and so so so into it.
youuuuu are so accepting of the aspects of me which aren't kind to you. To accept sleepiness is amazing to me because it is really not fun for you, and yet you're able to just accept that it is something that happens.
youuuuu respond to me sexily nibbling your ears in the best way. I remember you saying "this is a little distracting" when I did it for the first time and I knew I was going to enjoy them a lot
Youuuuuu are allergic to selfishness. And it's so wonderful to be so repulsed by it. It means I trust the people you're surrounded by, and it makes me trust that you would protect yourself, and if I'm lucky, me, from being selfish too.
youuuuu are the perfect hugging height. I can wrap my arms around you so perfectly. It's like a pregnancy cushion but for stand up hugging, just perfect in every way
Youuuuu are generous with rubbing and affection. I mean you're generous with everything, but rubs are easy to be accidentally cheekily selfish with, and you are so happy to give.
Youuuuu are the best at cute shit. I've known this for a while, and maybe said this before, but you come up with the most unbelievable cute stuff, be it nicknames, presents, physical playing. And then lots of interactions and time become dusted with this magic and everything feels like a dream
Youuuuuu get into things I love so easily. It's amazing, dumb things like bananas, stomping on the floor, or how my hairbrush is mine - but I think those are just tokens of something more profound about your interest in sharing passions
Youuuuu are so good at receiving criticism. You are really good at not being defensive, at being open to yourself being wrong, and so willing to spend time considering criticism. It's so beautiful
Youuuuuu have the best smile, and the best thing is when our faces are close and I get to actually feel it rather than just see it. At the end of a hug, whilst kissing, or lying on eachother, when you smile here I get the full feeling of it and it melts me.
Youuuuuu know so well how to tell a story. "wait, let me think how I can make this interesting". You're always thinking of the other person and find the intrigue, personal touch, or moral question of a story.
Youuuuu have such a nice calm approach to our relationship. I feel you will very rarely dramatise something between us, or heighten the severity of an issue for the sake of getting a reaction. If I think how you handle gloom, I'm so grateful for your communication, calmness and patience
Youuuuuu are beautifully appreciative of anything done or given or thought of for you. The beauty of the way you do it is that you won't take for granted even the smallest kindness.
Youuuuuu kept a straight face over christmas when I was chatting about how much I loved the paintings you gave me when you knew there was another one to come. And you could have broken the moment by reacting, and taking the happiness then - but you saved it up, and made opening the present all the more special
Time I spend with youuuuu often feels like I'm skipping through a sun-lit meadow with flowers and a river. And then we end up doing exactly that, and it feels right.
There is a side of me that you think other people don't get to see, which I think is kinda true. One of the things I love about youuuu is that I feel really comfortable in this side of me. I feel comfortable playing in public, or telling people in my life about it. And it's so nice to feel unapologetic about this.
Youuuuu were so quick to introduce me to Anna and it made me feel like I got to know you quicker and like you wanted people in your life to know me. I really liked it for feeling like you were excited or proud of me or just thought I was a good egg.
Youuuuuu have tried to tickle me on a few occasions. I consider myself someone who is really really ticklish, skittish to touch and sensitive. But there have been times you have tried to tickle me and it has had no effect, or you've touched all parts of my body and none of it felt ticklish because I'm so relaxed with you, so comfortable in your presence and so trusting of your touch.
I really like involving and being involved by youuuuuuuu when we're doing things apart. This weekend I felt I could share things, play with you in the process, and you would enjoy all of it
Youuuuuu have the best ways to make me feel so excited for the future. Saying things like "I'm just getting started" or "it gets easier and easier to be nice to you" or "little did you know the love won't stop" sends me melting deep down. And your visions of the future and always bliss and so easy to melt into.
Youuuuu have such good ideas for creative design. The execution is also perfect, but the designs are shockingly beautiful. I'd love to be in your head whilst you mull up something like a Germany photobook front page, or a sunflower painting
and I wanted to say youuuuuuu made my mum such a lucky bunny this weekend - the last thing she said to me before goodbye was 'what Janina did giving me those presents [dramatic pause for sincerity and astonishment] was so lovely'
Youuuuuu draw boundaries with time in a way that doesn't make me feel rejected. When you say 'I'd rather have some time on my own thank you', it always feels good and happy and positive. Maybe it makes the time we spend together more proactive, or maybe it's just good to know you feel comfortable doing that. But I usually feel pretty good about the way you communicate it and what it means.
Youuuuuu gave me the vloop vloop vloops in a way that was far more thoughtful than I could have ever believed. I think about them all the time now. It's such a beautiful present celebrating something wonderful between us. And it has been so appreciated since you told me what it meant to you.
Youuuuuu are easy to raise difficult conversations with for lots of reasons but I appreciate that you won't avoid then, change the conversation, you will constantly communicate the limits of your thoughts, are aware when conversations aren't productive or progressing, but are also willing to repeat them in the future whenever needed.
Youuuuu make me enjoy sex in so many amazing ways. I thought that this weekend I might not want to have sex because I was tired and emotionally funky. But I feel so connected with you that the context changes in person, there is no tension, tiredness doesn't matter, and I'm free to feel good with you in all ways that might feel good - sex included. I've never had that kind of ease, connection, and sex-drive before.
Youuuuu have a great baseline standards of wonderfulness in humans. It can come across like you don't judge the aspects of people which aren't wonderful when you sometimes laugh about or simply accept the non-wonderful behaviours - but I think it's more that you will try not to waste energy on them. Then I'm often so admiring how high your standards are and what they are based on for being worthy of your attention.
Youuuuuuu are great at remembering emotions and feelings that you felt for me in the past. Its beautiful because when you share it, it feels so happy to relive those moments in my shoes knowing how you felt a little better. And then it feels so profound that you remember and hold those feelings close.
Youuuuuuu hate "banter" which makes jokes at the expense of someone else. And you hate it for the right reasons of finding it simply unfunny to bring someone down, even if with hyperbole.
Youuuuuuu have a wonderful ability to change your mind to something during reflection periods. When I was saying my card response yesterday, I knew you would think about it and come back with more thoughts later. Those thoughts might be the same, or they might be different but you will be open to that, and it feels great every time to know that I wont be dismissed.
Youuuuuuuuuu have never made me feel body conscious. Its such a fine line to want to feel physically attractive to you but also to not then feel conscious of how I look. And I think you pull it off so well.
Youuuuuu share the appeal I would have of setting up a hall for a birthday party. You get to do something for someone else, enjoy some enjoyable and distracting work, and fun intimate social situation. I want to decorate and clean up all the parties in the world with you.
Youuuuuuu get flustered only over things that matter. I think the only time I've seen it is gloom or feeling 2d and you can get stressed out, but I think most people get flustered over things out of their control and you have a beautiful peace with it.
Youuuuuuu joke about being an only child, needing attention and so on. But then there are times when I'm surprised you totally sideline yourself. I've seen it twice with flower gifts for example. When sopuru cooked for us, I arrived with flowers and not for a second did you think they were for you. Same with flower gifts to annabear, I was a bit selfish in saying that I got them flowers and you just let me do it.
Youuuuuu and me sometimes warm up the more and more time we spend and I really like this. Wednesday evening felt like we were on a train that kept accelerating and every minute spent on the mall roof felt better and happier and more relaxed than the last and that this would continue forever.
Youuuuuuu are nice to communicate sadness to because you will accept that it's okay to feel sad. It makes it a lot easier to be open about it because I don't feel like I have to manage your emotions too, and that I don't have to feel guilty about some faux pas of sharing sadness
Youuuuuu were immediately pissed off with Amiya giving me special treatment and I love that so much. I love the gut reaction to injustice, the clarity of why it was wrong, and the demand that I share your frustration. It makes me feel so supported and loved and I want more of it.
Youuuuuuu will ask for the kinds of love you want to receive and tell me what doesn't feel good to you. Dont apologise, don't give me empty words, do give me presents, do caress me, do give me compliments. Its really clear communication, its easy to understand and it feels like I'm appreciated and able to make you feel loved.
Youuuuuuu and I share an approach to happiness in your weekly life that I think is quite rare. To tell ourselves that life is good, to be grateful for the days offerings, to not complain. It gives us positivity and perspective where others might struggle. I thought I was radical in this approach to life, but you might do it even better than me.
Youuuuuu make me feel loved by giving me your mental energy. The thoughts you have on your own about us, something wonderful or funny about me, things we can do together, reflecting on something I said with an open mind, a present I will love and treasure. It can feel endless and deeply loving.
Youuuuuu make me feel loved by holding an honest picture of me in your head. I see you do with other people in your life too. You might not love something about someone but you'll find a way of accepting that, whilst importantly not ignoring it. Then it won't always tarnish what you celebrate about someone. I feel deeply loved because I think you celebrate things about me which are true and wonderful and still recognise the parts of me not worthy of celebration.
Youuuuuu make me feel loved when we are together. When we spend time together, I feel listened to, that my preferences are given attention and I'm respected. I think I don't get that kind of fulfilment from anyone else in my life. I think we have never spent time and I have left thinking the time spent was largely an act of selflessness on my part. Something which would be a very common dynamic for me to fall into. The fact we haven't feels deeply loving.
Youuuuuu make me feel loved by responding to things I ask of you. Your willingness to respond to any direct requests I make always makes me feel loved. As does your seeking of feedback. You have been quick to acknowledge potential unhealthy dynamics that my personality might introduce and worked to avoid them.
Youuuuuu make me feel loved with your affection. There are countless forms and you are so generous with affection but my mind thinks so fondly of the pandas you have drawn me. It's a small act of affection - but its so deeply selfless that it stays with me. There is no response, no gratitude, no big deal made of it. There is also no reason for it, no context or request. Just: 'here is a nibble of love for you to enjoy, you're welcome'.
There are ways youuuuuu approach 'us' that make me feel deeply loved too. Staying loyal through gloom, finding ways to deepen our relationship, thinking very big picture, being very sensitive to something not feeling right. It's deeply loving because it feels like you are carrying this thing we are doing together very carefully, conscious of what it means to you, and considerate of me through all of it.
Youuuuuuuu do this cute thing where you acknowledge only the animals you will meet in a given social situation. Its funny, cute, and humanises the animals in the perfect respectful loving way.
Youuuuuuuu value and ensure that there is almost always high quality time between us. I think the long term benefits of this are profound. Two things I really like about it are that we don't have routine ways of engaging that feel stale or tired and that if I want to talk about something important to me, the opportunities are endless because all our interactions are based on this kind of engagement of talking, connecting, discovering.
Youuuuuu are easy to host because you will make yourself comfy, be grateful for everything, and expect nothing. I feel no pressure when you come over and its so nice for me to feel relaxed and confident that you are comfortable. 
Youuuuuu referred to me as wholesome Ben so early and it was such a compliment. I felt so proud to be considered a good egg and a positive light in your life.
Youuuuuu value reasonableness in people. Its the term you used to describe what the finance and real estate people lacked. I'd usually associate it with something negative but for you I think its a beautiful concept of putting aside your ego, gut selfishness, and being open to the communication of someone else. I really like it and you practice it so well.
I'm finding youuuuuuuu funnier and funnier as our shared understandings of the world grow. Jokes about women or rich people get funnier by the day as I know where they come from and the playfulness you're making. And you find patterns in what I find funny. I love when you say "you'd normally find that funny" it feels like you delight in making me laugh.
Youuuuuuuu make me feel validated in genuine ways and I so rarely leave a conversation with you feeling unheard. I think most people in my life give me empty forms of validation, via praise or automatic agreement. But you make me feel legitimate, normal, and reasonable in how you respond to me and treat me. 
Youuuuuuuu talk about your friendships in such positive ways. I'm not talking about the people, but the underlying relationship you have with them. If you are complaining about something it is almost never the underlying relationship you have. When you discuss what role they play in your life it is rarely one of tension or complication. You seem to build friendships that are mutually beautiful and then you benefit from all of them and then it makes it easier for you to celebrate the people.
Youuuuuuu gave me the biggest decorating compliment when you said "this area looks like i live here". It was the same kind of compliment as "normally I'm this thoughtful with gifts". I think its magic because you're saying something like "this is perfect, I couldn't improve on it" and connecting us in the process.
Youuuuuu are so grateful for the smallest of things. I've said this one before for sure. But to think that every time you use my hairbrush you indulge in gratitude for it makes everything in life feel a little more beautiful. 
Youuuuuuuu are really generous with, and would never make me feel guilty for asking for, your time and emotional energy. Having a phone call until 1am which undoubtedly makes the next days difficult and tired was the same as skipping church with Maria to talk about insecurity. You took the burden of responsibility, gave me your energy, and would never make me feel like I owed you anything in return
Youuuuuu make me 'realise I'm in love with you' every single day. Almost every interaction is a moment like this. A story from your day, a discussion about life, us, people, a photo of something you've seen, a reflection about us, a giggle, a piece of affectioncake. There hasn't been a day you haven't done something that made me notice how much I love you and so many of the interactions we have reveal something beautiful about you. Thinking of the moments that felt profound last year, I realise how many of them I have now. You've said it yourself in a couple of ways 'little did you know, there is more where that came from' or 'it gets easier and easier to be nice to you'. But I think of how I felt when you told me to be careful about gravy-giving creating an imbalance between us, and now how frequent it is that I receive this care over our relationship, this kind of insight and exploration of flourishing and personality, and appreciation and feeling seen. The process of going over the moments of falling in love with you are fun but it also reminds me how far we've come and how beautiful the now is. What was beautiful then, radiates a thousand times stronger now.
Youuuuuuu are easy to be vulnerable with because you are show such quick understanding. And if there is something that confuses you, you will want to know more out of curiosity and compassion. ❤🍮
Youuuuuuu make me feel like you want to be around me and that my company is valued. Whether its planning friend time including me, pining for trip trip trips, or regretting holidays without me, I feel wanted in a very natural way. You have to balance different dynamics and demands but I am never made to feel like I'm compromising situations for you.
Youuuuuuu are good at tapping into a "things will work themselves out" attitude when there is something you can't control. Particularly if you tried to control it but then realised time just needs to take its course. It's great because it takes all anxiety out of a situation.
Youuuuuuu have fun ways of pulling us together. "Remember... back in the day... when you used to call me". It makes me feel warmly wanted, then when we interact I end feeling connected and happy. I guess what you're feeling in those moments is negative but you manage to keep the communication positive feel loving.
Youuuuuuu sometimes get quite excited when I start to say something. Maybe I'm kind of interrupting you, or changing the topic slightly and you will drop every thought to hear what I want to say. Its really cute and encouraging. 
Youuuuuuu have such a wholesome definition of good egg. I think you mean a mix of thoughtful, generous, aware and kind and its a beautiful compliment to anyone its bestowed upon.
youuuuuuuuu said the other day during an argument "does that sound like something I'd suggest?' when I asked if not talking about work would cause distance - or something. But what was beautiful was my response, internally, was "oh obviously not". And I really like that I can trust you to seek together with me closeness and intimacy.
Youuuuuuuuu reject film sex in a beautiful way. Giggling is such a perfect response to opening the door with no pants on. It's funny, absurd, playful, but not thaaat sexy and definitely not intimate.
organising Amiya's present with youuuuu was the best. It was just pure joy at each step of the way of ideas, decisions, preparing and delivering. I really like that we can bond over doing something for someone else and hope that becomes a staple part of our relationship
Youuuuu thought about time we spent together, when we started spending time, based on whether "that would be a bonding activity". I loved this attitude of being together in a conscious effort to bond and grow.
Youuuuuuu so rarely complain or moan about life. One of the wonderful consequences of your perspective on the world is that you are rarely going to burden someone with a complaint about something that can't be fixed and isn't that bad.
Youuuuuu will go so far above and beyond to ensure my comfort. It won't just be "are you comfy potato pie", it'll be consideration of social, physical, and emotional comfort which is incredibly caring.
youuuuuu have a non-black and white view of our relationship. It's most evident and calming whenever you are thinking about something which might change how we want to relate to eachother. Maybe you might think "we'll see what happens" or "we might see eachother less" but it's reassuring and kind to me that you it isn't framed as removing you from my life.
Youuuuuuu will do things that I associate with cold and distant but end up being the complete opposite. You might playfully keep someone at a distance by asking them if horses have stigma, or if you are empathetic. But your aim is to bring them in closer than had you made it obvious from that start.
Youuuuuuu make me feel interesting in how you listen  I feel like I can feel boring when talking to so many people but the way you listen is so engaged, encouraging, and attune to what I'm saying that I end conversations feeling interesting. 
Youuuuuu never don't look cute to me. As in there hasn't been a weird angle, or an odd situation. I've looked at you upside down, first think in the morning, from half an inch away into your eye, and every time, unbelievably cute
Youuuuuu sent me a video with some of the easiest questions. "You are described as similar to your partner, do you think that is a compliment?" Massively. I'd feel a huge sense of pride and achievement if someone said that about me. I think I'd also feel complimented regardless of who said it for what reason. Like if it was intended to be mean, I'd feel happy about the person thinking equally negatively of me.
I've started using "it'll all work itself out I think" as a way to make someone not worry on my behalf and it is something wonderful I've learnt from youuuuuuu. It puts other people at ease really nicely and beautifully words a peace of mind.
Youuuuuuu have such an impressive resilience to protecting the time and interactions we have together are high quality. I think I assumed at first this would be something that fades over time, but you are so good at protecting the time we spend together and the interactions we have as being bonding, mutually gratifying and present.
I love youuuuuuur sneaky side. When you're feeling excited about something that someone doesn't know about it's always for beautiful causes and so fun to bathe in your excitement, plotting and vision
Youuuuuuu make me feel confident about the sustainability of our relationship with how open and keen you are for us to keep reflecting, learning and talking about it. I think the honest discussions and the regular processing makes me think we will be able to absorb lifestyle changes together.
Youuuuuu are so fun to communicate with. The mix of encouraging and practicing honesty, playfulness, and development of self and relationships means that sex talk, relationship cards, reflecting on family or work is always fun, engaging, positive and meaningful.
Youuuuuuu have a wild ability to make things warm and bonding that might otherwise not be. Like, you managed to make "everyone in their respective corners" fun and playful and warm and bonding, which could have otherwise been "please get away from me" haha
I feel I can trust youuuuuu with information about my life. I think I'm often quiet because I might think it is boring or people won't get me so it isn't worth talking. But I think both those things won't be true for you. You will find me interesting, ask questions that are particularly interesting to you, and will understand what I'm saying. 
Youuuuuu use humour for lots of things, one of the best is to laugh at the world. It's so much fun to sit with you and laugh at something ridiculous that is everywhere. I want to sit in a pub with you and laugh about how nothing works in this country, or punch some pads and giggle at the silliness of the act, or watch something taken too seriously and enjoy that we can fight against that with every hyperventilating giggle.
Youuuuuuuu have nudged me in nice directions in my approach to other people a couple of times. Texting Alex to check in after his break-up is such an obviously nice and right thing to do, and I appreciate the gentle reminder of that a lot. It also comes without apparent judgement towards me nor is it with an expectation.
Youuuuuuu are so satisfying to talk about negative emotions with. It feels like I can talk about sadness or pain without burdening you, that you will give me a lot of space and listen to me, and that you will react kindly, calmly and thoughtfully. I sometimes think you are too satisfying to talk about sadness to, and maybe it is going to make me over indulge in it.
Conversation with youuuuuuu feels somehow more and more fulfilling by the day. I feel I'm much easier able to access a headspace in phone calls with you where I'm engaged, attentive and present.
Writing out the things I want from youuuuuuu yesterday was so easy to think of how you give them to me. I guess in lots of situations declaring "I will make you feel x" would be not that meaningful unless it was already true and easy to trust and believe. And it just felt so true and so known by me that I will get that from you.
Youuuuuuuu have a nice medium term scheduling process. You don't want to do something tomorrow which hasn't been planned and you also don't want to think about 8 months away. Its a nice balance avoiding both long term and short term stresses
Something I really value about the way youuuuuuu are in our relationship is that bonding and growth activities are consistent. I think it could be easy to have relationship questions or discussions only after conflict and for it to feel like putting out fires, but I appreciate the purpose is not to maintain some base level of emotional calm, but to achieve consistent bonding and growth.
Youuuuuuu write such good poetry. The rhythm of the words you use bounces in such a satisfying way. The more of it I read, the more I appreciate the style behind all of it.
Youuuuuu are the funniest person I know, the humour you have makes me laugh with more delight than anyone else, the timing you choose use it is always perfect, and I feel connected to the content without being able to predict the joke.
Youuuuuuuu treated the weight loss efforts with a good perspective, and it can be stopped when no longer fun. I appreciated both the 'let's try a thing' and 'let's pause a thing' a lot.
Youuuuuuu are fun to go on walkies with because I always feel connected to the moment when with you, I'm never in my own head or absent minded. It becomes a beautiful space for presence in your company
Youuuuu will never guilt-trip me for the pain you feel. You're often not interested in guilt, or apologies, and it means you aren't going to manipulate me into feeling terrible for the sake of feeling good yourself.
Youuuuuuu have a really healthy attitude to independence. Wanting me not to stop tweeting for you or not to gain weight for you might sound obvious, but I like that you don't fall into the trap of feeling comfort and commitment through behaviour change
Youuuuuuu are good at not indulging in sadness. Yesterday on your walk it was so nice to be able to be miserable in your company and for you to be able to bring life and energy to it.
Youuuuuu sprinkled so much magic over yesterday at Kayleigh’s. You steered conversations in fun ways, you positioned yourself as someone to make situations flow around you, and you were supportive and validating to everyone. 
Youuuuuu do kindness in group settings so well. It’s non-performative kindness, openness to people and the absence of negativity. It’s beautiful, creates the space for pure positivity and goes without approval.
Youuuuuuu are choosing to spend your birthday morning with me and as Birthday’s are supposed to be spent doing your very favourite things for yourself, it hit me this morning how happy I am to be a part of that.
Youuuuuu are incredibly giving. In a way I think I've never experienced before. Giving of energy, time, affection, and thought. Giving not out of reciprocation or out of asking but giving consciously to please
There is something so kind from youuuuu, if you ask for gifts or acts of service, being boundaried about them and limits to what is too much, clearly communicating what you want to receive and then for, when that happens, to be genuinely grateful. Something that I find hard myself is knowing what I would want in advance, and then it becomes unfair to ask because I haven’t put the thought in to be sure that I’ll be grateful. When you asked “did you make these muffins” I wonder what you would have felt had I said “yes” but for you to say “oh good” when I had just been to the shop felt like such a nice “thats a good boundary”. And I always feel from you, if you ask for something, and I do it, you are so so grateful for it.
Spending time texting with youuuuuu is always interesting and stimulating. There is lots of fun, games, play and affection. But there are also reflections throughout the day about life, flourishing, people, they draw on experiences in the past or present and offer content for sharing views and my own experiences. Texting is so easy to do badly, make it empty, meaningless or dry. The way you text is so so the opposite of dry, it makes it easy to feel connected to you throughout a day.
Youuuuuuu spend money so sensibly. Maybe it seems obvious or a minimum threshold of compliment. But it’s really relieving to know that I won’t have to carry a burden of managing expenditure expectations around you and that when we spend money together we will share an idea of wasted spending and avoiding that.
Youuuuuuuuu would be the person I'd most want to meet at a pre wedding dinner out of anyone in the world. I'm so envious of the people that get to share that moment with you. To laugh, to be honest, to be acting in accordance with your views, the feeling will be so freeing. 
Youuuuuuuuu would be the person I'd most want to meet at a pre wedding dinner out of anyone in the world. I'm so envious of the people that get to share that moment with you. To laugh, to be honest, to be acting in accordance with your views, the feeling will be so freeing. 
Youuuuuu celebrate puppies eating baguettes, adults making mind-blanks, and small children acting strangely. There isn’t a part of you that feels inconvenienced by these moments and you can embrace their lightness.
I feel youuuuuu navigate competing friendship or energy commitments well. I never feel you place the burden on other people to manage your energy, and rarely complain about feeling stretched or overcommitted. And yet, perhaps because of this, you maintain many healthy and loving relationships.
Driving to youuuuu will feel so happy and free later. When I cycled to yours recently, I can’t remember the context maybe it was raining, and you said “was it a difficult cycle?” and the question made no sense to me. A journey to see pudding will only ever feel happy, free, relaxed and beautiful.
I feel youuuuu have the skill of being happy in your own company. I think I share this with you in some ways. But to value buffer time and doing things on your own is to value the peace and space that gives you so that your mind can be calm, reflect or daydream. It’s beautiful because it allows you joy to access, independence in some situations, and avoids distress that some people feel in isolation.
Youuuuuuu always come up with such warm and cuddly compliments, restless of me asking, not asking, having received my daily compliments, having had a bonus compliment already. I think it’s comforting you aren’t running out, but it’s also comforting because it reflects being observant, interested, and happy to provide comfort through compliments whenever needed 🥰
Youuuuu are a fun travel companion even when we aren’t travelling together. It seems like you take more time and reflect than me after social situation (which may well be because I spent more of my preparations reflecting …), and that means that you often prompt reflections that I hadn’t entertained otherwise.
Youuuuuu do something naturally that I’ve only recently worked out to do, which is starting a difficult conversation with a question. There were work situations where I’d ask lucie „what do you think about …“ before saying „I don’t want to work with Jane“
Youuuuu have given me such a nice birthday memory, with all the cuddly presents and the walkies and the pee situation 🎈. My adult birthdays is something I am unlikely to forget … I know exactly where I’ve each year from when I turned 22 so whatever happens, this years memory will forever be stuck in my mind 💫
Youuuuu have given me some re-appreciation of simple but magical things like stars and flowers 💐. When we arrived here, Paula and I watched the stars together because there is no light pollution here so you see loads, but even in Oxford I find myself looking at the stars almost every day now, and I can’t imagine ever looking at them and not thinking about you
Youuuuu are really easy to organise things with; I don’t know how you do it but things usually come together quite fast without a lot of back and forth or unnecessary hooha 🚗💐
Youuuu never make me feel guilty over doing my own thing, even though we probably have different relationship scripts. I may feel like I am not living up to expectations, but that’s usually something that I place on myself, not because you demand something or use guilt if I do my own thing for a bit
Youuuuuuu are so not entitled to special treatment and it makes it very easy to engage with you. I won't have to worry about expectations around making your life easier than most. It also means that things that you do receive feel special, exceptional and a result of affection rather than demands.
Youuuuuuu accept my rhythms in a way that allows me to be myself. It doesn't matter the occasion, I feel I'm never asked to be anything other than myself and that you will work with whatever I offer, making efforts to support me, and reacting to whatever the vibe with nothing but acceptance 
Youuuuuuu write the best things about me or us. I think its my favourite way I get to see how you think about us or me. I like that you use the opportunity of writing to share something you haven't said before.
This morning I'm feeling like I want to talk about us with you soon in a cuddly happy exploring eachother situation and I've said before what I appreciate is your readiness to do that, but this morning I was appreciating the time offered in-between. We both feel some levels of distress at the different relationship scripts but youuuuuuuu have given us so much time to work it out together and individually in a way that I think has made our relationship sustainable.
Youuuuuuuuu are really good at sharing your life in a way that starts a conversation with me. You'll just say something to provoke a conversation and I really value that skill. It is inclusive, never stale, and fun. I guess there's two parts, the first is fun conversation starters from something in your life, but the other is taking efforts to include me in a conversation about parts of your life that I'm not partaking in. I  think its something that must take a lot of effort for you.
Youuuuuuu have such perfect present and gift ideals. A little uneven cut up heart will make you happy and you will appreciate it so much. It makes it so much fun to give you gifts.
Youuuuuuuuu are thoughtful about the feedback I give you. I think if I ever tell you "I don't like this" or "I want this" you will take it more seriously than I could have ever intended
Youuuuu have such a good sense of timing for romantic or gooey gestures. If you ever give me a surprise panda drawing or “I love you”, it’s often perfectly timed for when it will be most wanted. I don’t think it’s that I always want them, it feels like they are specifically timed and feel my soul.
Youuuuu are such an easy person to appreciate. Independent of our relationship and how that is feeling, I always find it so easy to keep my opinion of you as someone who is kind, thoughtful, compassionate, someone with good values, who is committed to the flourishing of those around her. It makes conflict much easier because throughout it, I never question my feelings about who you are.
I think youuuuu prioritise yourself really well. I need to understand yesterday’s comment more but I really like things such as “I need to kickbox” I also really like that I think you’d give everything if Vanessa needed you to. And having that balance is rare and beautiful. Knowing when to give and when to give to yourself so that you can give to others.
Youuuuuuuu bring the side of me out, that you feel sad others don't get to see. Being back at my parents and thinking about layla, I feel intensely grateful that I get to be that person with you. I walked past a 70 year old man who made guinea pig noises to his dog while it had a wee today and it made me think he was doing some kind of flourishing. 
I'm so into the language youuuuuu use to describe life. Fun and playful terms, affectionate names, relationship concepts. It adds a lightness, joy, and ease to what they represent. I also love your moments where you think "I nailed it" with a thought like "your lips are juicy" or "i feel 4d". The recognition that words matter and knowing when you have found the right words is the best for me.
The affection youuuuu give and want to receive feels amazing. It feels so pure and joyful. So many forms of consumption and joy feel a little wrong to me, come with a little bit of guilt or regret - including receiving affection from other people in my life. But to bathe in the affection you give me, or time spent together, and feel not an ounce of guilt, regret, or shame. It feels so beautiful, so happy, and so free. 
Something I always appreciate so much about youuuuuu is your process of building bonds and I get to benefit so much from your way of doing that. Be it activities, valuing honesty and openness, the energy spent on it, the thoughts behind what you’re doing, the ongoing reflection about next time. I’m feeling that strongly today.
Youuuuuu take on the organisational efforts and thought-generation for so much of our bonding and time. It’s so easy for me to be swept into this world where ideas are generated, plans are made, and all I have to do is turn up with a snack and a smile. I’m so excited for a bicycle trip, for learning to drum, for an adventure day, for the 24th to become monthly Christmas, and for the next book we read. I feel some guilt that I contribute so much less but so so so much gratitude for all of your ideas.
Youuuuuuu strike a balance in indulgence. Be it nice things but not wasted things, or consumption but not greed, or care but not dependency. I feel you are able to enjoy one whilst being aware about overindulgence. 
Hearing youuuuure first words on a phone call has such an impact on me. Its like seeing your feet on the stairs, as soon as your voice comes through it goes straight to my heart, it doesn't matter the words, it always feels amazing.
Youuuuuu would be the best person to camp with because I would feel the most free to be myself, most relaxed, most sure. I will enjoy taking down a tent as much as lying under the stars with you as all of it feels free of inhibition and the joy comes from feeling deeply affirmed. Its exciting for adventures because it makes me feel that we can handle anything that happens as we will be free and open to the world and can absorb all it has to offer in the perfect spirit. 
Youuuuuu would be the best person to camp with because you would be so excited and appreciative of everything. All your senses will be dancing with delight at whatever comes your way. It makes it beautiful and feel worthwhile when things are received with genuine appreciation. Your excitement also makes the planning you do, so easy to buy into and envision. 
Youuuuuu would be the best person to camp with for a thousand other reasons that come to mind... resilience, laughs, boundaries, conversation, consumption, openness to rhythms, the treasuring of memories... the nature will be so so so enhanced by the way you make me feel and I'll have never experienced anything like it
Youuuuuuu have such a heart melting sentimentality. It feels like such a deep comment of fondness for the time we have spent and an excitement to thrive in those feelings. And you've shown it so consistently. I think the best thing I can say about it is it feels easy and natural to me too and an honest reflection about the value of spending time with you.
I really like that I feel I learn things with youuuuuu. I remember complimenting you a few months ago saying "I have my best content that I use for other conversations thanks to our conversations" and it remains true because I get to learn and reflect about life with you.
Youuuuuuuu have the most satisfying body to rub. Everywhere is slightly different and has different rewarding features. Maybe there is a thigh that likes firm squeezes, or an ankle with a sweet spot at the back, or your arms which are often really achy.
It sounds a weird compliment but I like that when youuuuuu're on a trip trip trip and busy busy busy, you will still want compliments. I like that you're still thinking of us, running things in subconscious, and want to feel connected to me regardless of where you are. I never feel compartmentalised or forgotten.
I sometimes feel more connected to you when I feel youuuuuuuu share a sense of things that aren't important rather than things that are important. I really like when i see you rejecting forms of frustration, could be travelling attitude or putting aside preferences for the sake of puddles and potatoes. Shared rejection of norms can feel more powerful somehow 
One the best features of youuuuuuur independent-self is you will do things you want to do. I really appreciate that you plan and go on your own trip trip trips. Maybe they’re with people, maybe not, but what’s great is you create a vision and do it. I think you have the same approach to present buying - if you want to make a present for someone you will just do it without a reason a request or a push or a suggestion. Both could be bonding activities, but sometimes they are just things you will do because you want to, and I really like it.
Youuuuuuu have raised my standards for human interaction. I’m a little drained and sleepy so not sure I have the full capacity to go deep into this. But something I’m working through is how I feel less tolerant of poor human connection or interaction that isn’t fulfilling than I did maybe a while back. I think in part, maybe in whole, that’s some kind of flourishing and appreciation for good connections. I’m not sure my full thoughts on it, it’s a compliment in progress, and I have different explanations. But the part of it I am feeling is that talking and thinking about glue and friendship makes it more apparent to me where that feels unlikely in my life.
Youuuuuuuu and I have our own language and I really like it. Our language is also always improving and growing and I think it tends to grow in ways we need it to when we raise concerns about some form of communication. But I love that I can say ‘eat me’ and we both know it means chew on my cheeks. Or we can say ‘please be serious’, ‘I love you’, ‘I’m thinking about you sexually’, ‘please give me attention’ etc.etc. in our own way because it feels intimate, tailored to me/us, and is usually based on being fun and playful
I feel really heard by youuuuuu. One of the reasons for this is because I think you will hear something I say even if I say it gently or quietly. I think lots of people need to someone to say something with passion to feel it, or they will feel I'm hard to work out, which then makes me feel like its impossible to communicate. But I feel like I can say something gently, or in a state of being unsure and you will hear me, take the words seriously and think hard about it.
Youuuuuuuuu never disregard my reflections about life. If there has been something on my mind during a day, you'll be keen to engage, to play, and to listen. What feels great is that I think it could be anything. It could be about wearing pink, about the value of friendship, or whether casual sex is ever okay. Whenever I open up what my mind has been working on, it always feels so great because of your interest. 
I'm feeling strongly youuuuuur careful protection of our banana this morning. The conversations about stress, bananas, future, how we communicate, scripts, friendship, have all made me feel so so held by you in beautiful and deeply caring ways. It feels physical almost, like you're hugging my heart gently and so warmly
When I'm dreaming of camping with youuuuuu, I picture the morning with you. Its similar to the airport queues. I want to pack a tent with you, to yawn and stumble putting on shoes, to be sleepy and slowly waking and to feel like we're starting a day together. When I'm dreaming of it, I also dream of star gazing and beautiful nature and cuddling in a tent, but the morning feels pure and so intensely happy. I have a strong buzz, I'm calm, we're both present and exploring the morning's fresh aches, emotions, surprises together and the joy of the moment is most intense for being unusual to be so joyous in that moment.
Youuuuuuu have been so so patient whilst I'm learning about myself in terms of bananas. Not only have you never made me feel like you were frustrated, or like I was less than or painful to you, you also have encouraged and helped me by sharing how you see things along the way.
Youuuuuuuu said in your response to the first relationship question we did that our preferences overlap quite extensively. I'd never really thought about it, never thought about it being necessarily important either. I guess there are times when it really doesn't matter but for lots of times it matters, because it, at least a little bit, reflects values and the way we want to be in the world. Then thinking things like "I think you have a good taste in trip trip trips" become really meaningful. And there are so many aspects of your trips which appeal to me. The seeking of stillness, the setting of nature, the protection and exploration of friendships, the limited consumption.
Something that often surprises me but I really appreciate is that youuuuuuu will often not tailor your conversation to the context in which it happens. I can imagine you being in hospital, up a mountain, at work, and still wanting to talk about whether pudding is custard or cake. Conversations, maybe like bananas, are most rewarding when it feels there is no script and I like that you are not always wanting to talk about the situation or context you find yourself. 
Youuuuuuu have a magical power to make really long hugs never tiring. I could stand in a street and hold you for hours and I think itd just feel better and better as time passed
I feel time spent with youuuuuu often comes with expectations about nothing apart from what matters. I so appreciate that mix of there being no expectations over the scenario, the energy, the conversation but having expectations of sincerity and feeling 3d. Its such a nice way to live life and something I am learning to have myself where before I might just have had zero expectations. 
I wake up every morning and go to sleep every evening thinking about youuuuu. Something I appreciate is that it is never worthwhile, desirable, or necessary to ‘switch off’ from that. I never want to escape from our relationship. And maybe that sounds cruel but mentally or emotionally, I think it is interesting to me that I’m not seeking distance or escapism. It just always feels great to remain present in our relationship. Maybe it’s that I have some kind of balance in terms of intensity with it and don’t need full escaping. Or maybe it’s that it is fulfilling and therefore being present feels good always. Either way, I really like that every night I’m thinking of you, and every morning the same ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are really good at keeping me connected to you when we’re apart, coffee dates, affection, continued interactions that we would have when in the same place. What I’m appreciating about it today is that it means that when you come home we can spend time without having to reconnect or warm up. It makes it feel much more excited to see you, knowing we can jump on each other, feeling close emotionally. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu complimented me early on that I was easy to be around, and you said this was not a small compliment. I think the same of you for lots of reasons. I feel so little pressure to change things from you, you appreciate and are grateful for small efforts and time spent simply, and I am always free to be myself and feel however I feel. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu and I have such complimentary preferences in ways that I sometimes find crazy. The low key, independent, quiet life with friends and sprinkles of joy. I often can't believe how much I get your choices and preferences. 
My daily life is covered in warmth because of youuuuuuu. I have this constant warmth like I'm wearing a comfy jumper around my heart. In my flat I have the presents, throughout the day I have affection and when apart I can think of you and feel so warm and hugged.
I just went on a bike ride and I like that I can move around Oxford feeling youuuuuuuu through places we have been, conversations we have had, and rolls we have rolled down.
Youuuuuuuuuuu are so so interesting to talk to. When I have those moments of "I need to tell this to pudding", its partly because I think you'll be entertained and maybe I'll hear you giggle, but its also because I think it's something I can use to open you up and to hear your mind.
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel things that are so rare to me. When I feel pure joy in the world I now associate it with you. I'm sat here watching what I think of as one of the most beautiful things, a family of around 10 playing football together, laughing, dressed in entirely inappropriate clothing, unable to kick a ball, some just picking flowers, zero cares in the world. And I'm sat here thinking that's how you make me feel, I feel the same with puddles, or nature. It feels like pudding, pure, joyful, free.
In the video youuuuu sent me today, one of the warnings was to not put someone on a pedestal. I really think I don't for you. And yet I also think I'll never have a bad word to say to someone about you. Realistic words, words that are grey and find truth, sure, but I think I'll never be critical of you behind your back. I have a trust in your good-eggyness that means regardless of the scenario I don't can't see how I would feel like that.
Youuuuuuuu feel like you have no laziness in how you treat me. Never taken for granted, never forgotten, no shortcuts, no breaks. I think itd be so common for someone to avoid topics, think of easy things, switch off and the fact you seem to do that rarely feels like such a treat for me. If something is left unsaid I think it's usually because you're working on it, or seeing how something plays out, not because it is effort to talk about.
Youuuuuuuu had me feeling so comfy and happy on Wednesday. When we we sat on the sofa looking at eachother giggling and gossiping. It was one of those moments when I thought "remember this feeling and this memory" and I stored it forever.
Youuuuuuuu have the best visions. Of food, of holidays, of life. I think most visions are going to make me feel disconnected from people because they will be forms of consumption that I do, but don't feel great to me. But whenever you seem to have an idea, its not that I'm putting aside that, it never feels wrong or shameful. 
Youuuuuuuu protect time so well but also make so much time for me. Its an amazing balance which means I always feel I have your full energy, that I'm wanted, and that I can indulge in the time with you. I felt so happy leaving your flat last night and part of that is how you manage the time we spend together. 
Youuuuuuuuu get me in beautiful ways that makes me feel seen and cuddled and free. A beautiful reminder of that was last night when I said "I thought you'd understand that" referring to holiday wellbeing... and you said "yea yea of course I get it" and I feel the same about most of my feelings or things I share. I'm quickly known and then I feel validated and supported because you often celebrate whatever I'm saying.
Youuuuuuu are so the funniest person I know. It’s actually becoming not even close. I think there is everyone in my life making average jokes and then you, who makes me laugh in a totally different way. It’s never laughing out of social recognition, it’s laughing about something beautiful your mind produces. I think that soon, I won’t consider anyone else funny because my standards of humour, joy, giggles, belly laughs, smirks and smiley kisses will be so high.
Youuuuuuu disrespect careers for all the right reasons and regard work as purely something necessary for money. I sometimes find it hard to know how to react or support your rejection of capitalism, I think we both believe that flourishing is achieved by minimising interaction with capitalism and investing in a deep pursuit of connection to humans but I also don’t know what the line is between fun idolising vs serious need based on a pain of being surrounded by capitalism, I’m also emotionally responding to being unsure how tied I am in your mind to the thing you want to reject or what role I play for you in rejecting capitalism. But underneath it all I so appreciate that for you, flourishing is not tied to social status, that power is tainted, and that privilege is ill - its so important for me and for a healthy banana, so beautiful in you and I so appreciate that this is reflected in our conversation.
I feel increasingly and increasingly secure with youuuuuu on a daily basis. I think I and we are still learning more and more, better and better, how to communicate, affirm, and make each other feel loved. But each day that passes I feel slightly more loved and slightly more relaxed. I have in the past really wanted to avoid the feeling of comfort - and have said that I avoid banana relationships because I don’t think they achieve flourishing through being overly comfortable and sanitised with a tv someone to be a distant companion in their empty life. But I feel confident we won’t become that. Which means I am enjoying whatever feelings of comfort I have towards how you interact with me and your feelings towards me and I feel beautifully confident we won’t stop seeking deeper better connection with eachother. ‎<This message was edited>
When I'm tired and talking with youuuuuuu, I used to feel like I couldn't speak or contained by tiredness. Recently I've felt like maybe I'm sometimes even freer. I feel comfortable and connected to you in deep ways that means that I can trust my unadulterated tired thoughts to flow and land in a beautiful place. Last night, I was anxious about this morning so I had to sleep but I could have stayed on the phone for hours with you, playing, giggling, sharing thoughts and compliments. ❤️🍮
I really enjoy group settings with youuuuuu. I feel like there is someone in the room who will have the same spirit as me, or at least understand, support and revel in my spirit. I will feel connected to you through all the ways we interact with eachother in those moments and I will deeply enjoy watching you interact with the world. It makes me feel like in any circumstance or situation we find ourselves, I will feel more connected to the situation for you being there ❤️🍮
Something I appreciate about physical intimacy with youuuuuuu. Is that the feeling of being touched is equally fulfilling in all situations. Stand up hugging, pants off off off, a naked cuddle in a tent, falling asleep on me. I don't know that I'll ever feel anxious to change the situation because I'll always get what I want out of it. Which is to feel connected physically in a moment that is consumingly joyful. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have been a large part of my life for a year. But I don't feel like I've changed according to someone else. I have grown, learnt and reflected but I feel more like me than ever. You have such a beautiful way of supporting me and letting me be myself. 
I appreciate how youuuuuuuuu do romance. I feel deeply in love with you and able to indulge with you in feeling passionate for eachother. But it feels heavily unscripted and simply how we want to enjoy it. Walking around Paris makes me grateful that romance would be one of the many aspects of bananas that I could feel uncomfortable about but can't see it with you.
Youuuuuuuuu send such good text questions out of the blue. "Do you want therapy?" "Can you ever know anyone?". I really like all the insights I can get into what you're thinking about. Not only is it fun and interesting for me to think about but I feel closer to you hearing your mind.
The reason I like the way youuuuuuuuu describe someone having a good attitude is because you're often referring to their philosophy or approach to a task. Sometimes it aligns with yours but sometimes not, and its usually about having the right priorities in place that will be useful, fair and reasonable. Then its also nice because British "good attitude" will mean polite most often... and well... you are often flipping that on its head. Its also kinda cute and positive and wholesome
One of the things I love about youuuuuuu is your seeking of negative feedback because its part of wanting to grow and improve and learn. It has allowed me to seek negative feedback without worry of it causing distress too and I really love that. When I asked whether you felt organisational burden, I really thought you might, but I felt so relieved and free to ask because you have set this precedent of requesting to see where the negative feelings are in a calm open way
I love when youuuuuuu don't want to hang up the phone. Or when we both should go to prevent future discomfort but find ways to keep playing and keep nibbling at eahcothers souls. It feels like I'm wanted, I feel in the moment and happy, even if its maybe the tiniest bit destructive
Youuuuuuuu have a fun way to connect the dots and remember things where bears are hatching, or things are going bubble bubble, or there is a quick way for a mhkommmmmm to come about and be integrated into our new vocabulary
I agree with youuuuuuuur flourishing puzzle philosophy. I think most of my life i assumed bananas came at a cost of wellbeing. And most people trade in their identity, self, spirit in return for comfort, financial security,  company, and purpose of parenthood. I thought I was mostly incompatible with that, I had standards unlikely to be met, the trade off wouldn't function for me  and I would probably end up being single most of my life. Our banana piece is maybe not fully defined, but I said recently and I mean it that I feel as much myself than ever. And encouraged each day to be more and more myself. And I'm so grateful for it.
Youuuuuuu respond to me being demanding well in ways that sometimes surprises me. I think sometimes I assume that you will react at odds to a demand I have, or not enjoy it. But then I'll make one and you'll dive into it.
Youuuuuuu are always thinking and reflecting and processing and thats one of my very favourite things about you. Right now, I appreciate also that when youuuuu come with a thought or question it is considered to the extent that I can take it seriously and know that you do too. 
Youuuuuuu have the best "alright then" spirit. I can so totally feel your bounce bounce hop hop attitude after saying "alright then" and it feels so warm, so friendly, and so supportive. Like the biggest best hug 
One of the ways youuuuuu practice your greyness in attitude to us is by saying things are how they are "for now". I really appreciate this attitude. It shows awareness that things change in ways you can't predict. And it feels freeing to accept this
Youuuuuuuu have a beautiful balance of "I won't be doing that" and "alright then" which makes the "alright then" feel so supportive and that you are fully buying into the situation
I think most people value things i think are useless to value in life. I don't know that I think there's a single thing youuuuuuu think is important that I think "thats a bit silly"
Youuuuuuuuu make me so excited for physical intimacy when we're apart. Your texting and playfulness is so good because it reflects your excitement but it applies no pressure and only fun cuddly sentiments. So we can practice what the book called 'sexual credits' or something whilst being emotionally happy joyful and easy. Which is so how I feel when we're actually cuddling too.
Spending time with youuuuu gives me an overload of compliments about you every time. From this weekend I want to compliment your generosity of attention, your humour, your interest in me, your appreciation of people, your consideration, your gratitude, your open mindedness to planning and a million small things like your side eye, your belly laugh, your morning cuddling, and your shoulder kisses.
Spending time with youuuu also gives me so many things about us that I want to compliment. How we act in group settings, our sex, our ebbing energies, our peacefulness, our open mindedness to time spent, our balancing of seriousness and silliness, our rationality, our play, our priorities and a million small things like our morning preferences, our ability for silence, and our cuddle positions.
Spending time with youuuu gives me an overload of compliments for how you make me feel. I feel confident and emboldened to be myself, I feel calm in our purpose, and assured when I take the lead, I feel righteous in the priorities we make, I feel heard and known by the interactions we have, and I feel free to express myself. I maybe feel a little guilty for consuming too much attention this weekend and giving you not enough, but I am also grateful for the space you give me and the respect you show when I fill it.
Planning and organising with youuuuuu is so fucking nice. Decisions are made, there is room for expressed preferences, standards are sometimes high but can be compromised, red lines are drawn early on. Basically all reasons for stress over organising are removed. There’s no second guessing, there’s no indecision, no domination. It means I can be decisive and you will roll with it or I can be indecisive and you will come with a decision. It’s such bliss.
Something I appreciated about youuuuu this weekend is the balance we find together of seriousness and play. And I think that is something that I’m enjoying more and more - maybe as we get better at it, or learn each other’s rhythms, and I feel more confident requesting either from you. “what did your mum call you growing up” was so funny and one of those moments of humour where you shock me and I laugh from deep within like you make me. But what makes it special is that we can have a moment of complete lightness during time expected for more practical discussion and it can feel so good. There is no avoidance, no distracting, we will talk about sex whenever, we will talk about childhood seriously, so we can enjoy some playfulness about whether chipolatas are a real thing. And I’m so grateful we can do that.
Youuuuuuuu will often smile at a thought you’re having when we’re together and it’s something unrelated to the moment we’re in. I will feel you smile and assume, ‘aww it’s a smile about me’. Then it isn’t it’s “snowman” or ”leftover castle”. And my split second reaction will be ‘oh pudding wasn’t thinking about me’ but then I get to embrace something much better as we share the joy of someone else. I really really like these moments because they feel like I’m welcomed into your mind and we can dance in something warm together. And the shock of it not being about me, makes the resulting feeling even stronger and better somehow.
I’m appreciating about youuuuuuu how mutual I feel we can puddle. I feel that you can puddle really intensely and deeply and then we can share in that and the feeling doubles
Youuuuuuuuu so rarely let people in your life have a negative impact on you. Thinking tonight about whether hosting will stress you out. And it might, but I think it’s rare. You have a beautiful way of finding win wins with people in your life and I hope that’s what you’re doing tonight. ❤️
I’m worried about youuuuuuuuu, and what I appreciate in these moments is that you express distress, and that I trust your judgement and priorities which makes it easy to back you and hear you. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu can sometimes be self-critical but I think you generally keep it measured and real to a healthy self-perception you have of yourself. It’s never out of politeness or to extract some compliment out of people. It’s so easy to engage with you when the things you say will rarely or never be unconsidered or projections of an uneasy self-relationship ❤️
Youuuuuuuu so so rarely compartmentalise me socially. I sometimes don’t know how you do it. How you can invite Lisa into your home, give her attention and care but still think to send me a voice note. But you do it so often, while travelling, or on some other adventure, I’m so often included and involved and it makes me feel so connected to you ❤️
Youuuuuuuu have consumed a lot of therapy content, knowledge, understanding, and you use it so well. It could so easily sound preachy but it never ever does. It’s always ‘oh there’s this fun thing maybe let’s reference that in our convernibbling’. It always adds to what we’re saying. I guess it’s useful for you to not have to say ‘I know these things’ but to say ‘others know these things I heard’ but however you manage it, it feels engaging, interesting, useful and respectful ❤️
Youuuuuuuu have the best voice. Sometimes when I’m very sleepy on the phone, or maybe struggling with being engaging myself, I just focus on your voice and I can feel it pour straight into my heart. Like pudding being poured into a bowl making it all warm and yummy ❤️
One of my favourite things about youuuuuuuuu is your keenness and yearning for bonding. I feel 4d with you in so many ways. And then when there are moments that I don’t, I feel excited. I feel that we know how to bond, how to communicate and be honest, and how to get to a place of shared knowing. And it becomes an opportunity to get closer rather than something keeping us apart. And you maintain this by being so excited proactive and welcoming to bonding exercises, questions, and honest reflection. There is no part of me that gets scared or worried by a moment that we will have to learn about each other because I feel that I know it will be a deeply warm experience.
I feel so puddley sitting here thinking about youuuuuuu. I’m going through things in my head: your laugh at snowman, your Lisa impression, your honesty in ‘I’d love for you to meet her’, the warmth of your lips when you kiss me, your screwed up face when eating liquorice, how much I love that just ‘being’ with each other is how we spend most time, your strictness about fairness, when your eyes go soft. But what I want to comment on is how all of it builds up to this feeling of pure puddle. I hope I will always do this exercise - maybe if one day you stop wanting it I’ll do it and simply not send to you - because it allows me to think for a long time about you in a concentrated way which feels deeply worthwhile and then, because of you, deeply joyful. 
Youuuuuuu appreciate the joy in presents in a really sincere way. Perfection lies in the wholesomeness and the idea. Your reaction to Sopuru’s gift was pure. But for what it is, which is a piece of paper in a frame, you feel the energy of something through it’s meaning and the longer process of it being made via friendship and understanding.
Youuuuuuu are careful about how you use your own time in social settings - but you’re also careful how you use others’ time to. I so want to celebrate the deep relief and joy you had at the idea I could watch some sport whilst you work on Sunday. I so understand the desire - of wanting me to be occupied in a corner happily, of feeling anxious that I’ll distract you or want attention, and of feeling anxious that I’d sit there waiting for you to finish bored and pretending not to be.  
There will never be an inappropriate time for youuuuuuuu to swoop hug me. You make time irrelevant and your company is consuming in the softest and gentlest of ways. The longer we walked last night the longer I wanted to walk, I kept hoping we would turn in directions further from our bikes and that the night would never end ❤️
Youuuuuuuu support me in group social situations. I'll tell a joke and you'll be the one to laugh, I'll ask a question and you'll support it, I'll lose steam and you'll find yours. I often feel I have a teammate in these settings when I'm not expecting it.
Youuuuuuuu have managed to achieve asking for attention without causing an ounce of anxiety in me. "Excuse me" or cat emoji is such a nice "I want more" but it is also treated reasonably and I feel I can live up to the request in a natural and happy way. My emotional response when I read "excuse me" is warmth and excitement. 
Youuuuuuuuu have beautiful people in your life you have connected me to more. To know Sopuru and Anna a little more through you and because of you is something I'm really grateful for. I've always appreciated that we have large overlap in the people we value the most and I am grateful the people you will introduce me to will be giving, thoughtful, and generous towards my personality. 
Youuuuuuuu always make me feel natural for bringing up conversations or topics. If I give a reflection or a question, I think you rarely question the premise and will take and play with whatever it is I offer. Which makes me feel validated in a meaningful way that my thoughts are important. 
Youuuuuuuu are freeing to be silly with. Something I appreciate about the way you do it, is that when playing ends, its okay. There is no forcing or stressing that a game has come to an end. It feels very natural and stress free.
Iiiiiiii have mixed feelings when I'm on the phone to you and you're doing other things. Sometimes I can feel that I want more attention. But I really enjoyed last night and there are benefits of phoning you whilst you shop, cook, and task away. One of the things I like is the feeling of being with youuuuuuuu intimately in public spaces. If you're in Nuffield or tescos discussing gnocchi characteristics with me, I can feel extra special that you're ignoring the world to travel through it with me. I also appreciate that you might specifically tailor your plans to be able to speak to me. Let me call potato now, little chat, then we walk together and cook together. I appreciate the space given among the necessary tasks and the thought about how you can best offer me time and energy.
Youuuuuuu always make me stop when I read "I love you" the timing is always really nice for me. Because it is said rarely, I always pause and feel the impact of what you're trying to say and what you're thinking as you type it. I'm probably liable to falling into assumption, so I try to think with an open mind. But maybe this morning you were thinking about Lisa and felt some defiance in loving me and wanted to share that. Maybe you were reflecting on how you feel around me during times of stress. Or maybe it was just whimsical pang of fondness that needed expression.
Youuuuuuuuu can hold warmth for people with a deeply realistic perception of their selves. I've said this before but to hear lots of things about Lisa where you aren't feeling alignment, maybe even direct conflict, but then to say "I feel warm to her" is really powerful. I think at times, I feel like I can't be critical of people or I'm being cold. But I appreciate in you that you can hold both apparently so truthfully. Its a more realistic warmth which probably leads to greater depth and duration of warmth.
Youuuuuuuu can make me laugh like no one else. But I also really like the moments you try and fail to make me laugh. "That deserved more of a laugh" as I despair at the content. Whats nice about it is that you are then so into me saying "sorry, just despairing about the topic" and you can indulge and understand the place that my head is in very quickly
One of my favourite things about youuuuuuuu is how much you make me feel like myself. You reward honesty by celebrating it, you value independence, and you appreciate me for the ways that I am. One of the aspects of this which I really appreciate is that I never find myself doing something for or with you that isn’t entirely natural for me. I think it can often be a lot of work for you as I try to be giving and flexible and sometimes withhold or don’t know my preferences, but you take on that work and I’m never uncomfortable in the things we do together. Maybe the only times it happens is when group settings means that weight is given to other people’s preferences. It’s such a blessing and makes me so excited and free when I think about spending time with youuuuu. ❤️🍮
To meeeee, you reward honesty in a few ways… Youuuuuu get excited and interested whenever I tell you how I really feel or whenever I open up about something that is going on in my head. I often feel to myself now if we’re on the phone ‘just let it out’ - because I know it will go down well if I can be as unconstrained as possible in how I think and talk. Youuuuuu respond warmly to honesty about the relationship when it is something other than ‘this is perfect and I feel perfect’. This has been so so beautiful for me, because I could be the kind of person that is scared into hiding honesty if the response to feedback was equal negativity, defensiveness, distance, or hurt. And youuuu have a big picture concept of a banana which encourages independence, meaning I can be an honest version of myself.
Youuuuuuuu give me so much joy through the way you are every day. A little giggle or subtle playfulness makes our daily interactions so joyful and fun. A small comment that I'm a pony or saying "that's right" in just the right tone to make me laugh is so beautiful because it spreads in my daily life a feeling of joy.
Youuuuuuuuu have treated me with kindness, openness, patience and given me time, giggles and space even when you have a shitty day. Not once has it spilt over into how you interact with me when we spend time together. Even when we spend time spontaneously, there's never any change in how you are with me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu give me this feeling of never wanting to hang up… unless I know you’ll call me back in a little bit. When I’m lying in bed sleepy, happy, engaged, at peace and on the phone to youuuuuu. Being tired on the phone can feel stressful because I might want to have conversations that I’ll avoid due to tiredness and wait for a better time. But if I ever try, I find out I can have both, and I can ask the question that’s been on my mind and maintain a loose sleepy mood in which I feel light and easy. That’s a lot because you will flow to my rhythm too. ❤️🍮
I feel so rarely that thoughts youuuuuuuuu share and thoughts I have and share with you are misunderstood or unclear in a frustrating way. I appreciate so much that I can hear or explain something, maybe one of us will need a clarification but I will get to a feeling of understanding and being understood in a way that is not frustrating. Even if conversations don't resolve, I feel the ideas are often understood.
Youuuuuuuuu are open to having difficult discussions in an amazing way. I've said this before but I think its such a rare quality and so good for me to have you not wanting to avoid things, wanting content to reflect on, and being able to do it in search of bonding warmth and a banana which protects flourishing.
I'm excited to see youuuuuu tonight. I have such a joy that you will improve my connection to any group setting. I know that I will leave typically feeling closer to everyone, feeling happier, and that the time was better navigated for the everyone with you in company
I feel so giddy sneaking together time with youuuuuuu, especially on a walk home to puddingpie's flat. The feeling is freeing because its non scripted, the feeling is bonus because its non scheduled, and the feeling is easy because it is familiar and purposeful. Then I walk home such a puddle. I could be floating, carried by an army of guinea pigs as I'm buzzing, calm, and the best kind of tired ❤️🍮
Something I appreciate about youuuuuuuu is that I can very easily communicate my energy and you will understand it so quickly. Maybe I’m puddley, or zombie-y, or an anxious pup. I can quickly tell you how I feel and you understand that frame of mind from which I’m operating. It’s beautiful for.a few reasons, including how easy it makes being around you regardless my mood. And you’re particularly good at it, for being understanding, for rewarding me telling you with open-mindedness to different moods, and for giving me space to be who I am in whatever mood. This morning I was rolling around like a puddle, appreciating that you would know the feeling, and that it then makes me be able to lean in, or feel that mood fully for what it is.
I appreciate that youuuuuuuu can hear me vulnerable, or weird, or uncomfortable, or self-destructive and you can absorb it whilst respecting who you see me to be. Be it not leaving the house after changing jobs, or eating unhealthily because of emotions, or having unhealthy relationships. I so so value that you don’t value me for being perfect at anything, that I can fail and trust that you’ll see me the same, treat me with respect, and I will feel normal about it
I appreciate the way and the content of the sex feedback youuuuuuuu give. I think for me, I want everything to feel natural and comfortable. The conversations, the sensations, the emotions, the logistics… And the feedback feels like this to me. I do get feedback, and advice, and preferences but I feel so little pressure. I feel it’s often a ‘we’ thing never a ‘you should be different’ thing and it feels like you do that naturally because you see it as a ‘we’ activity. Maybe it’s really basic, but I really appreciate it. 
I love holding youuuuur hand during pants off. Anything that feels connecting is so heightened in these moments for me, a shared laugh, a shared understanding, a moment of empathy or care. And the hand-holding during or after feels so buzz-y to me.
Youuuuuuuu seek physical closeness around sex in a way I really like and maybe didn't appreciate before. Lying together after, having things nearby, lying on top of eachother. I think moving away from eachother, even briefly is likely to feel isolating and I like that you try to make sure we are together physically in moments before and after sex. I mean I feel "where did you go?" Even if you lean into your bedside table, so I get it. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are forgiving in a way that makes me feel really accepted. I think I've been a bit weird the last 48 hrs. Kinda hyper or slightly uncalm in a way which is a little jarring to me. But it makes me think of the moments when I've been not perfectly easy to operate with, you're always so undisturbed by it, undramatic about it, and then it is so easy for me to not worry too much ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have such a realism in your attitude to expectations, it makes it so nice for me. Whether its moods, or lifestyle, or mental capacity... I feel I can always meet your expectations because they are realistic and reasonable. But I also feel so appreciated when I do meet them. Its just such a pleasant way to feel valued, low expectations, high appreciation ❤️❤️❤️
Sex with youuuuuuuuu is amazing for so many reasons. This morning I'm appreciating the attitude to feedback and improvement. Maybe this is how all feedback feels with you too. Because its a positive moment for growth and bonding, it never feels like we have to change something or that changes are made to fix something broken. It really feels like we're both interested in better connection and that ways to improve that will always be welcome and given the effort it deserves. Then, for pants off, it makes it feel such a natural and positive part of what we're doing. It makes me feel so content in how we are able to keep enjoying pants off ❤️🍮
One thing I like about conflict with youuuuuuuu is you don’t hold grudges with me. Or at least it doesn’t feel that way. It feels like we have a conflict, work on it, reflect on it, and try to accept what happened between us. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuu give me such delicious affection, cuteness and the attention. I think I rarely use these compliments to show appreciation of that. But you can make me feel warm and gooey so easily. You’re so so so good at it, it’s playful, full of joy, giddy and feels like you stabbed my heart with a little needle of heroin every time ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu give me so much of your time and I’m so lucky to have any of it. I sometimes get this moment of shock where I remember, oh wow, I get to spend so much time with Janina, thinking, growing, connecting, bonding, laughing. I really hope I never lose appreciation for how valuable your time is and how lucky I am to enjoy it.
Youuuuuuu make me feel so comfortable with you. Be it physical contact, honesty, or vulnerability. Some things are completely new to me to feel that way. One of them, which I’m not sure I’ve mentioned is being couple-y and intimate in public. I feel so relaxed with you and love that I can sink into a moment of intimacy on Botley Road with you, just as easy as I can in our flats.
Youuuuuuuuu have introduced me to so much spiritual development and I'm so grateful for it. New languages to understand flourishing, new ideas for connection, new processes for learning. I like so many things about it. I like the feeling of learning with you, I like being able to communicate with people something I'm thinking about personally, and I like the application of that knowledge in my life. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu have spent so much time making me presents. Late nights, early mornings, crocheting, painting, crafting. I'm so grateful for the time you spend with me, and I'm so grateful for the time you give to me for lots of other reasons. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu make so many things which are logistically necessary cute or playful. "Please can I go to the bathroom?" Is so cute and so funny and sprinkles a little joy into an otherwise mundane moment between us ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu ask to talk about something serious no matter the mood. We could be happy puppies, or sad puppies, or medium puppies. I so appreciate that you'll start this in any mood because it reflects a consistency in wanting to learn, bond, hear, share. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu call me. And you call me so often. I so loved waking up this morning to a missed phone call so I could roll around in bed with you. But its also something that you're doing more and more and I do a little skip when I see your name pop up ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so tasty ❤️🍮 like all of you, always, tastes so delicious. ❤️🍮 Like think of your favourite childhood meal, so satisfying and hits the spot every time ❤️🍮yum yum yum
Youuuuuuu make me feel so giddy when we meet from far away, I can picture so many of these moments. Of pudding on the horizon, with skips or hiding or waves. I feel a deep sense of calm giddiness ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu have given me a language for appreciating honesty in people. I receive a comment today saying I'd like someone because "they aren't fake  they're unapologetically themselves". And it was pointed at something I would personally appreciate in people. I don't know I ever had a language or consciousness of this before youuuuuuu. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu make organising so much fun. Part of it is the reason I want to queue with you in an airport. Just an appreciation of your personality in routine situations. And another part of it is the search for ease, efficiency, sensible decisions based on clearly outlined preferences. Having both of them makes planning a trip with you such a giggle ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu would look so sexy in a pumpkin outfit. Okay I tried to be a little funny, but the sincere comment is I could find you so sexy in any outfit because the sexiness is about the moment and the connection and I find that so easily with youuuuuuuu. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have such a beautiful vision for a great time. I am so grateful that I can sink into ideas of days out, trip trip trips, Halloween situations with you and know that the vision will feel beautiful to meeeeee.
Youuuuuuuuu are satisfying to phone call because there is a rhythm and flow to the conversation. I can hang up feeling like such a puddle who has just gurgled cute food items at you for 2 hours and then realise we have covered death, morality, isolation, and family in that time and I will also feel that the gurgling of cute food items didn't distract or take away but just flowed alongside easily and happily. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu taste so fucking delicious. When I close my eyes and chomp you whilst on the phone to your consciousness I taste you and you taste so yummy. So so yummy ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu balance wanting to spend time, with things you need to do, and applying no pressure in a way that makes me feel so easy and happy about it. I feel strongly that you want to spend time with me, I feel strongly that you will only do so when it won’t come at a big cost to you, and I feel strongly that I can fulfil my own preferences too. It makes me feel wanted, relaxed, and confident ❤️🍮
Youuuuuu balance surprises perfectly for me. How it feels to me is that you want to savour the excitement of something as much as possible, but there are loads of beautiful consequences for me. I might get a picture of a corner of a present, or clues that there is something in my pidge, or told that I have a sentimental present coming to me. I get to share in the process with you, I get to feel your excitement too. But I also get to be on the same side as you when the moment happens. I’m calmer and we can smile together because we both knew a little bit in advance this moment was going to happen and it’d feel like this ❤️🍮
Youuuuuu make me feel so validated, normal, and valued in a way that is true. This is one of my favourite things about how I feel with you. I think a lot about when I once texted you, maybe it was a compliment, saying how you never ever make me feel conscious about my appearance. And you responded saying ‘I hope I never make you feel conscious about anything’. It surprised me and made me realise how important this was. I so appreciate this effort you make to make me feel comfortable and myself ♥️🍮♥️
Youuuuuuuuu are so generous with your butt. You let me rub and pat and squeeze it to my heart’s content. My hand is so happy there, all warm and comfy. I think I regret not taking up your generosity as much as I should have and just trust that your butt will still be there for me. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu… awww I have so many to choose from tonight… maybe let’s do a long list of compliments. I’m grateful for you protecting Sopuru’s space, for being conscious of my time on the weekends, of so many moments of romantic intimacy on walks - so many and never enough, of you keeping asking for things you want and then being grateful when you get them, for happy jumping, for little kisses and big kisses, for organisational ease, for being anti-high-vis… or at least high-vis-sceptic, for phone calls AND walks on the same day, for fussing Rory but being attentive to me, for not wanting mucky pants but being okay about it when it happens, for giving me a happy walk back down Botley road, for putting up with my birthday ebbs and flows and finding excitement within it, for thigh rubs, for forward thinking both big and small, and for dancing with me yesterday, today and tomorrow. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have such a great butt. It’s absolutely perfect. And the best thing is rubbing it when you want to sleep. Nice non-exciting, firm, butt rubs. It is so comforting and pleasing and sexy when it wants to be. Maybe we can create a situation soon where I get to rub it for a long time.❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu put up with or engage with or embrace my thoughts so kindly. I think lots of people would find me frustrating. Being contrarian, or negative about things that most people smile for, or feeling strongly in multiple directions about something. But you have made me feel so much that I can say what I'm thinking and you will appreciate hearing me and learning what is going on in my head. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have such a nice sense of growth and change over time. I feel that you often understand that something I feel or think might change and you fold that into how you act and react to me. Its so nice because it's true and makes me feel like I don't have to hide how I feel in case it changes. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel so puddley writing these compliments so so often. Taking the time to appreciate you in any given moment and I'm so quickly feeling like melted butter. Its so nice for my heart to sing daily and to feel grateful, connected, and deeply warm ❤️🍮
Something I've really been appreciating recently has been a beautiful balance i feel with youuuuuu between three things. Excitement, depth, and security. I feel all with you in a nicely balanced way. I feel excited by the time we spend together, by the celebrations we share, and by the new things we learn. I feel depth in how we converse, understanding eachother more, and reflecting on how we are. And I feel security in the routine and regularity we have, the phone calls, the texts, the daily dance. I think it could be the case that they trade off against eachother. But I so appreciate feeling them all with youuuuuu ‎<This message was edited>
Youuuuuuuu see through corporate bullshit. It is so nice for me that I can be in a corporate space or we can talk about people selling books and acknowledge the bullshit taking place. I'm sometimes in spaces where I think "this is so fucked up and no one realises" and then I think ahhhh... pudding knows.... and I can share in the feeling that someone else would get it.
Youuuuuuuu are a beautiful level of high vis. I guess you're generally willing to obey rules but also willing to break some. But I really like the feeling of contained off-script. There's no seeking of rule breaking which might feel hectic. But there's also a slight sense that other things matter more than rules and should be pursued.
Youuuuuuuu respond so well to hearing how I'm feeling. There are many times where I feel frustrated or sad, and if I say that, you always accept it in such an open way. Its so nice for me to know if I'm in an emotional corner, I can share it, and walk out with you
The first feeling i have when writing compliments for youuuuuuu is "god" as I sink into this puddle of gratitude and my heart melts into the butteriest of emotions. Every time. I sit down. Ready. Steady. "Oh god" melts. Pudding. Puddle. Gone.
Youuuuuuu are so funny. There are so many times when I laugh in my head to something you've said in the past. You know how you can make yourself laugh with an internal voice? I'm getting the same thing as your voice plays internally to me and I get to laugh along with the world.
I feel able to be selfish to youuuuuuuuu. You have proven time and again that you want me to feel at peace and it makes it so easy for me to make selfish decisions and not worry, in the knowledge you'll understand and be grateful ❤️🍮
One of the best best best things about youuuuuuuuu is how much you think about things. Big things, small things, your mind does so much processing every day. Its most noticeable when you ask a question out of the blue about our relationship and then you share how you've been working through something. But I also appreciate it with planning joint activities where you will be thinking and refining ideas and logistics improving them each time.
I've felt a little busy the last few days but when my mind has some space, I'm thinking mostly about a conversation we will have about futures. What I appreciate about youuuuuu is that I think you will make me feel heard and supported during this conversation. When I'm thinking about it, I also think of other conversations we've had and I appreciate that if we have had conversations which end up in a difficult place, we are often able to have the conversation again in ways that is less difficult in the following days, weeks, or months. This is often thanks to you being so reflective afterwards and it makes me feel so lucky to get to have those conversations with you.
Youuuuuuuu will be the perfect trip companion for so many reasons. Maybe I'll list them for some bedtime compliments. But right now I'm grateful for how I will feel with youuuuuuuu. I will feel so relaxed, so at ease, and so contented. You won't make me stress about what we are doing, you will be so tolerant of my moods, and I will end the trip feeling connected to and known by someone. I think most of my holidays have felt the opposite and I can't wait for how I know it will feel.
Youuuuuuuuu ask the best questions that allow me to open up, think in new ways and learn something about you in the process. “I have a question” is always going to be followed by something which surprises me. It’ll either be really interesting, or totally hilarious. I get so excited by “I have a question…” because I know it will be a great time. Maybe it’s a similar feeling to pyjama pants going on “oh this will be good”. 
I sometimes wonder, what stories youuuuuuuu tell about me or might tell about me in the future. “I know this potato, he told me once that...”. I think what I appreciate in these thoughts is that I feel your fondness deeply and think you hold me dearly to you in a way that means you will tell stories in a supportive light. I think that my hope would be that it’s similar to the stories you share from Sopuru, complete positivity and love in the re-telling. 
Youuuuuuuu manage to achieve excitement without applying pressure and you do it in a beautiful way. You might be really excited for something, but if I’m even slightly not sure about it, you will instantly react supportively, not feel stressed by my energy difference and make me feel perfectly okay for how I am. I never have to perform excitement, and can just lean into it when we’re both there
Youuuuuuuu communicate logistics so nicely. Timings are set, expectations met, uncertainty is communicated in advance. I feel I always have a clear understanding of how things are, even if things are ‘maybe, not sure, let’s see what happens’. I feel that so much on the weekends when we set an expectation to spend time, with a loose understanding of how or when. It feels really natural and easy to meeee ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu share little droplets of memories between us and I so appreciate it. A little nibble into a moment you noticed something or felt something. And you’ll lead me into it with a question drawing me into the moment when you go ‘tadaaa’ a little sprinkle of magic ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu were beautiful this weekend for your planning and effort spent on protecting and elevating time together. I can't get over the level of joy, the vibes, the thoughts that went into all of it. Sometimes I fear we will push eachother too far and make it a one-up situation that ends in stress. But other times I think we can do things together with similar investment, contributing to a shared vision and enjoy both the process and the result. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu were beautiful this weekend for moments of honesty and seriousness. I appreciated so much the "let's talk about something serious now then". I think I was so much puddlier last night for that. I also appreciated the "I had a moment of feeling alone and hoped I wouldn't go to bed feeling like that" maybe it was scary to say, maybe not, but I'm so grateful you would say it rather than keep it to yourself ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu were beautiful this weekend for making me feel like such a teammate in the big picture. The conversations we had were sometimes amazing how they felt. "I feel I don't have enough time" or "I'm concerned living with me will result in you getting poor quality interactions" I felt so so secure in who I am to you in those conversations, so tightly held, and so on the same side as you. I think most of my puddle this weekend has been that feeling of being a team ❤️🍮
I think I would really struggle to be frustrated with youuuuuuu. There is such a beautiful mix of you being open to feedback, really thoughtful, and open communication which means that I think in any situation the solution will be conversation and it will feel available to me meaning I never need to be annoyed or feel frustrated. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu make me feel heard in so many ways. One of the ways that I like the most is very small gestures that react to something I said. Answering the phone this morning to "its my birthday today too" was honestly so perfect. It immediately takes the pressure off me and makes me feel at ease. And you have done this in lots of occasions after some feedback, a small comment which makes me sure that you have absorbed and heard what I said. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are such a selfless cuddler. Or maybe just a really grateful cuddler. I always  feel that we are cuddling together rather than one of us is giving the other rubs. And I think the reason I feel that is there is mutual cuddling, mutual appreciation, and consistent flows of affection in both direction ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu always leave me puddly. And there are so many different ways you can do it. Asking provoking questions, being really funny, paying attention to me deeply, being kind to me, accepting me. Because there are so many ways you can make me feel melted, it happens every time we are together. And its so nice for me to feel sure that however we interact, whatever the vibe, I'll leave feeling great and lie on my sofa grateful to have been spending time with you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are a relentless thinker. You said it this weekend... something like... "Give me something to think about for flourishing and I'll think about that shit for days". And god I love it so much. I love the relentless planning, visions, reflections, questions. I feel so so lucky to receive those thoughts from you ❤️🍮
I have learnt so much about human connection with or from youuuuuuuuu. I so appreciate new outlooks or new lessons on what love is, on what friendship is, and what are and aren't good ways to achieve them. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have a great drive for action. I appreciate your thoughts so often, but they would be much less satisfying if they weren't followed up by actions. And that applies to all thoughts, to relationship reflections, to time spent together, to presents, to friendship. Its so nice for me, because I don't feel pressured to make things happen and I can enjoy watching you develop your own world ❤️🍮
Youuuuuu are the perfect pudding to do window watching with. Maybe I hadn't appreciated enough how beautiful those moments are. Sitting there, loosly cuddling, commenting on the world, feeling slow and calm, uniting gently, celebrating the lives of others. Let us stare out a  thousand windows together, slow, still, but full ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so generous and kind to my moods changes. I can feel myself losing energy to winter again, just a fraction but enough to impact how I function and feel every day. And last year you were so good about it. So calm, accepting, and acknowledging. There was no drama, no trying to fix me, no questioning me and I appreciate it so much ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu never get frustrated by my questions. I make a lot of assumptions, and so stopping that involves asking directly about intentions, feelings, inner thoughts. Whenever I do, it helps me. Then what makes it easier is that you won’t feel this is work you don’t want to do, and won’t try to avoid answering. It makes me feel like I should always ask you whenever I start to think and assume ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are rewarding to make presents for because you will appreciate and savour them, put them somewhere in your flat (not a drawer) and feel forever grateful for receiving them.
Youuuuuuu pay attention to everything. There is no leg tickle, or little squeeze, or word that gets unnoticed and appreciated just like a present and it feels like I receive constant reward even if you don’t say anything in the moment.
Youuuuuuu never do fake praise. I guess we see a lot of it in our work circles and it feels obviously gross. But there could be more subtle kinds of fake praise that you might do to a friend to make them feel good. But I feel complete honesty in all of your praise and compliments. It is so beautiful that I can lean in and trust when you tell me something positive about myself. I think it’s one of the reasons why I feel most myself around you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu keep our conversation surprising. Could be a new question, a different topic for engagement, or an effort to make me laugh. But it means that over the long run, nothing feels repetitive or stale and I'm excited each day to speak and converse with you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu give the best compliments. I guess you like thinking about things for a while before saying them. And I feel that what that means is even if you have some immediate compliments, they are the result of lots of thinking and reflecting ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu do physical affection so warmly. There is always an element of cuteness, and I feel personally hugged regardless the affection. You could be squeezing my belly but I will feel you celebrating me in how you do it. It always feels like it comes from a place of fondness for me as a person. Like I couldn't be replaced by anything else for the purposes of physical affection ❤️🍮
I feel loved by youuuuuuuuu. And the way I feel loved is your protection of my spiritual flourishing. I guess we love eachother in different ways according to our strengths and abilities. But I often so feel that you consider me "precious". Not at all patronising or about me being fragile. More that you consider my flourishing to be so so valuable. The feeling of you carrying my flourishing so delicately is something new to me and feels deeply special ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu have defined sexiness for me. I don't know I had a definition before. But now I know that for me it is comfort, presence, and connection. I find you so sexy because I can find those things with you so easily. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are so funny. Its been said a million times and yet still. To burst out laughing requires being surprised and I don't know how you do it. "I have a question about baby passports..." I know it'll be great what you say next. But it will always be burst out laughing funny as you surprise me. Its such a superpower ❤️🍮
What made me think about how youuuuuu love me today was you taking time to consider my place in our conversations. I really appreciate the definition of love being actions of commitment to another’s flourishing. From which saying “I love you” is a gesture but really it means “I intend to love you”. Rather ”I feel loved by you” is everything. Because it is the acknowledgement of actions of love. ❤️🍮
Something I so appreciate about youuuuuuu is your perspective on relationship building. Conversations are to be had over and over, conversations are about understanding not resolving - or resolution is in the understanding not the changing. Something that I really appreciate, or have thought about today is that last way of phrasing it. Difficult conversations often aren’t going to immediately change behaviours. I think they probably will in the long run as you grow and slowly make different decisions in different situations. But the immediate resolution is about understanding and hearing. I like it because I think if the hope was to achieve some promise of change, it would be empty and lead to repeated conflict about the same failed expectations. ❤️🍮
Sex with youuuuuuu is so so so satisfying. When I think about sex with you, the best times I have are when I’m remembering something in absolute realism. If I don’t edit my memory, or construct new scenarios I get absolutely everything I want. And I think the reason that’s so is because of how comfortable and fulfilled I am. Nothing is slightly wrong, there is no nagging voice in my head, no sense of unmet desire. And that feeling of satiation and satisfaction is probably really important but also feels deeply gratifying ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are so fun to compliment because you understand and share the thought process I’ve gone through. I think you understand that my brain has picked up different thoughts in the last 24 hours, some jogged by experiences, some more lingering over time - because you do the same thing. Then I can share mine in a moment of release and exploration for me, and you can totally understand the process I’m going through. It makes it easy for me to share my complementary mind because you know how the compliments are produced. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu have a gentleness in how you treat me. I feel it when you react to a reflection I've had. Or when I tell you how I'm feeling. You will respond with care and a respect to consider softly what I'm saying which feels so wonderful to me. Reacting softly to things I say makes me feel respected, confident, and safe in the conversation ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu have a satisfying rationalising of logistical issues. I feel if we have different expectations of a situation, we can explain why our minds has worked it out that way, and if it makes sense, you are really good at accepting a change of mind ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are an unbelievable kisser. I like the sex books definition of sex being any kind of sexual touching for lots of reasons. But one big one is that sex makes me feel connected, satisfied, present, intimate. And kissing you makes me feel exactly this way. We didn't have naked time camping, but, for me, we had lots of sex, it felt very sexually intimate in lots of moments. When thinking about how many times a week you want to have sex... well... one of the reason it doesn't make sense is because I would immediately assume that means pants off. But my sexual satisfaction will come from kissing in lots of moments, much more than a certain number of naked times. And you make me feel so satisfied when we kiss. And I love that we kiss regularly during time spend together ❤️🍮
Something I appreciate so much about youuuuuuu is that I feel so much care and appreciation over our relationship and yet no difficult-to-meet expectations from you. I really feel liberated to be with you how I want and know that you will be grateful for the basic respectful forms of treatment, care, interest, thoughtfulness. But there is an amazing balance over caring deeply about how we are interacting for each other’s flourishing and accepting how we choose to do that.
Youuuuuuu make time feel light but reflections feel meaningful. I would feel stressed without either of those and you do both so well. We can skip and giggle and wrestle for hours, and then over night consider what we said about our relationships and how we might reflect on the consequence of that for ours and others’ flourishing. Maybe they aren’t mutually exclusive but it feels so magical that you can do both so beautifully.
Youuuuuuuu always react positively to compliments about our sexual relationship. The life changing thing for me building a sexual relationship with someone is based on lots of things we have done together. Graphs, books, conversations, the type and way we have sex. But I also really appreciate that I can express something about our sex life out of the blue and you seem to really appreciate the confidence or decision to talk about it. I think the conversation about sex is another way that ‘number of times per week’ makes no sense. As my satisfaction in our sex life will come from discussions, compliments, feedback, growth - more than a number of pants off situations
Youuuuuuuuuu are self-reflective in such an open way. "Maybe I need to be more flexible with friends", "maybe I'm tricky to live with". What's really impressive is that you aren't apparently defensive or overly critical. At least what I see, you appear balanced, open, keen to learn about yourself and interested in the work of reflecting. I feel the norm for people in my life is to use self-criticism to receive compliments or affirmations or defense on their behalf. But think you aren't seeking this at all. Just genuine learning.
Youuuuuuuuu are so generous in such an easy way. There is no guilt and no expectation when you give things to me. I think we have a balanced power dynamic in lots of ways, and one of the ways I think it works out well is in acts of generosity where I don't feel either of us are overstretching or overgrateful 
Youuuuuuuuu are honestly the best cuddler in the world. That couples-card had the most stupid question ever... 0 out of 10. Like you could even be compared on a scale with other humans. Stupid. You're such a perfect puddle, generous, efficient, ambitious, soft, gentle, clean, just the right level of wriggly, so kissable everywhere, and the perfect cuddlepop size.
I'm so excited to see youuuuuuuu tomorrow. Time with you is always special and that is so magical. That I get to experience missing you, thinking "wheres pudding"... "ohhh ill see her tomorrow" and for that to feel deeply rewarding is just the best. ❤️🍮
All this talk of sex with youuuuuuuu is making me really really want to pants off with you. I don't know that I want lots of excitement or anticipation. I think I want presence, feeling free, comfortable and relaxed. But I have enjoyed a side product of discussing sex being thinking a lot about pants off... ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so good at reassuring. If I’ve ever felt unsure about something, you are so good at not panicking and just reassuring me. I feel it’s so easy to be defensive or both panic, but I’ve so appreciated the moments you communicate reassurance.
Youuuuuuuu are so good at variation to plans without it feeling hectic or random. Routines are always slightly different, new plans are constantly coming. And ideas for next time, never repeating the same thing. I really appreciate we haven’t found safety in repeating times and activities.
Youuuuuuuuuu are so kind to me. I so appreciate the care and generosity you give me so often. I think kindness is mostly conceptualised as care of strangers because those moments are so obvious in their selflessness. But this is how i feel in the kindness you show me. Its never feels transactional, it never feels performed. Just honest and sincere desire to be kind to me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu have such an infectious joy. This is beautiful in many moments, and particularly notable when you find joy in something I've shared with you. To feel that warmth over something I share strikes me right in the heart with a bolt of puddle ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu appreciate slowness in such a beautiful way. I think I was always judgemental of people in relationships and avoided them, in part, because people became comfortable. I associated this with laziness, with sadness, and with wasted lives. I so like you versions of comfort because I feel you are the opposite of what I judged. Growth and connection is so important and comfort facilitates that. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel like myself. Its such a gift. It means I can be honest with you, it means time with you feels easy and it means I trust how you feel towards me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu make me feel real. I can admit flaws to you, I can fail to succeed at goals, and I can be unsure about things. I know that your affection doesn't depend on some perfect version of me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel present. Time with you is spent in ways where I feel connected to the moment we are in. This last year I think I've spent so much time aware of who I'm with and where I am, balanced with that feeling relaxed and easy ❤️🍮
I get the feeling every day of waking up next to youuuuuuuu. And it means that every day starts with a hug, a flutter, and a smile on the inside. I don't know why but that moment of waking up is such a moment of sensitivity and having you in my life for it feels amazing every single morning ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu make an effort for me. Be it saving your energy for me or preparing to see me with ideas, conversations and things that make you comfortable. I think there is a balance, and that being around eachother in non ideal moments is important too, but it makes me feel special when you have made an effort in a day so that our interactions are elevated, and you do this in different ways for so so many of our time spent together ❤️🍮
Having sex with youuuuuu is unique to me for being comfortable and emotionally enjoyable. It makes me think of the question you asked when you first read the book "would you always say yes to pants off?" Because of my male porn script I answered "yes". But really, the answer is probably that I think you might be the only person that I could always enjoy pants off with because I will feel so secure during pants off and so then saying yes becomes so much easier ❤️🍮
One of the ways I feel youuuuuuuu treat me as precious is in protecting me from different sources of negativity. You might rationalise to me that "you've done nothing wrong" or you might try to contain and process thoughts independently from me. I think this is also a balance because too much of this and I'll feel excluded, but what I appreciate is that I never feel tangled unnecessarily in something distressing and instead I feel cared for and that you're often considering my wellbeing over yours ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu always smell amazing. Like always. Its kind of amazing. You also always kind of smell the same, goats, mountains, showers, you always seem to smell of something that id want to wear all over ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have this laugh which celebrates people in such a beautiful way. I think people can misunderstand it often because they will say something not apparently funny to them and then you laugh and they aren't sure why. But its because your share some delight in the way they live their life. And often you're celebrating something which doesn't often get celebrated. Some form of sincerity or connection. Its the most wonderful thing and I think it comes from deep within you ❤️🍮
One thing that makes me feel great about youuuuuuuu is that when I’m reminded of you by something and my whole body gets a jolt of buzz, joy, positivity, flutter. There isn’t a single negative emotion associated with being reminded of you. Seeing your ankles whilst waiting for you outside your apartment building was such a perfect moment for this. Another, which I learnt today, is a Facebook notification sound… pingggg….. my mind goes ‘oh that sounds really nice, why does that fill my body with happiness…. Ooooh it’s because it’s associated with pudding’. It’s the same with the objects in my flat (which were genuinely what I checked on first when seeing someone had been in... is the puzzle okay?! bunny?! oh thank god… ), and the same with waking up to thoughts about you, or finding a hair somewhere, or seeing you cycle towards me. When my subconscious feels you, it feels so deeply great. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are relentlessly making me feel so so warm and fuzzy. I remember one of the relationship questions made you reflect that “I thought I might find it hard to keep being nice to you, but it feels easier and easier”. I feel so unbelievably lucky for that. It feels like you want to make me feel constantly wonderful and you’re succeeding. There are some skills you have in things you do to me which I just have no idea how you’re so good at. Sex is one, but another is affection. Every time you try to make me feel wanted and cared for, it works more intensely than you could imagine. Every ‘love you’, every ‘my potatoooooo’, every ‘you’re a golden pony’. It feels so perfectly genuine and turns me so amazingly bubbly ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu respect the act of processing really nicely. I can tell you “I haven’t processed something yet”, or I can react ‘mmmmm’ to a reflection and you can accept that I’ll think about it over some time. My mind will work on “we don’t have a blame-y dynamic” for a little bit and I’ll want to hear more when I’ve thought about it. It’s so nice for me and giving of you that you are patient with my thoughts. ❤️🍮
I don’t think I’ve felt insecure about youuuuuur feelings to me once in long time. I think our communication and understanding of each other improves through every question, clarification, moment of 🚨, or misunderstanding. And increasingly and increasingly I feel we understand eachothers forms of communication which brings such a level of security. What has helped so much is how willing you are to respond to clarifications, and how patient you’ll be about that process ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are so deeply grateful for me and communicate it in the most profound ways. I feel so appreciated through your protection of us, how you see me, and how you react to me. I feel so lucky to be appreciated by someone so much. It’s a little hard to explain but your gratitude comes through in everything you say or do. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuuu make me feel respected as an equal. Maybe it sounds like a basic human treatment. But we have so many interactions and I never feel belittled or patronised. I think it’s one of those things where your respect runs deep enough that it flows through all your behaviours. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu plan our time in such a joyous way. "maybe I can pretzel you like you’ve never been pretzeled before this weekend”, “orrrr do you think these leaf bowls will be fun to make”. I never feel like we’re scheduling, just treating ourselves to eachother. I think the time we spend together is joyous and protected for eachother in wonderful ways beyond my wildest dreams ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu have such a hungry mind for reflections but you allow for mine to switch off whenever it does. It’s so nice for me to almost always have access to your mind for some kind of important thought but also never feel pressure to think important things myself. ❤️🍮
I'm so grateful for all youuuuuuuur efforts in pushing us to bond more and more. I really like the "we should have more negative interactions". I feel so lucky that opportunities for growth and bonding will be pushed by you so much, finding conversations or time between us with a higher chance of negative interactions and higher chances of learning and bonding ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel so secure that all boundary-making feels great. The fact you can say that you need less time with me and I don't feel an ounce of hurt and just gratitude for your sharing makes me feel so lucky to feel so secure and able to support boundaries you may want to impose. ❤️🍮
Thinking about first kisses and pants off  makes me reflect on how youuuuu're a thoughtful, respectful and cuddly pop to the core. I feel anyone who is a bit porny has some kind of deep disrespect or selfishness because at the heart of porn behaviours is dehumanising someone. But first pants off was always slow and comfy, allowing for and very responsive to moments of feedback. I guess lots of scripted pants off treats people like objects, and I've never ever felt that way ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are so soft with me. I think its such an amazing balance you have of being gentle with me without patronising or without being distant or removed. I can feel you simultaneously treat me with such carefulness but also being present and imposing yourself. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are so attentive to me. I so appreciate the moments you recognise my tiredness or discomfort or appreciate my natural behaviours. It's often the case you notice things before I do and it feels so powerful whenever you do because I feel incredibly seen ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are so tolerant of me. I can't express how much I love that I can say "I'm feeling not great about...". And you'll accept it without a hesitation. It makes all situations so much easier. If you can walk into a pub and say "have i made it awkward" and I can say "maybe ill be a little stressed that everyone is okay". I don't want it to become a burden but it is such a relief to me that I can be honest in those moments and know it'll be received well ❤️🍮
I love being in these moments with youuuuuuuu when I could stay on the phone forever or walk the streets of Oxford in a haze of your company just floating on cloud 9. I compliment you on how relaxed I feel with you in different situations a lot, but this is one of the best, there’s no pressure in the world, my expectation of the time we would spend are met, and then we let it drift over into bonus time. I love bonus time. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu include me in future fantasies in ways that makes me so happy. I think I communicate them much less than you, but I love picturing us in different future scenarios. And mine are usually based off the ones which you share. Retirement, slowness, some kind of isolation, animals, us being incredibly wholesome together and basking in the wholesomeness, usually in a foreign country. I am grateful for your fantasies and how they include me, one of the things I especially love is they communicate a lot of how we already are, and they don’t appear to reflect a desire for us to change as people. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu give the best pinches and squeezes in public. I love walking around public spaces with you and just receiving constant nibbles of affection. Butt pinches, shoulder kisses, hugs. All feel so amazing and to have the spaced out through an activity makes the activity feel like we’re cuddling the whole time. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so good at reacting to things I’m scared to say. The relationship question “the hardest thing for me to reveal about myself to you was...”. Makes me think of hiding under a blanket saying “it hurt when you couldn’t think of a compliment for me” or lying at the puddles’ going through the sad anti-valnetines-card. But one of the very best things about you is how you seek feedback. Which means you embrace these moments so well. I can’t stress how amazing it is for me to feel liberated to speak to you about things that are difficult to say and that not only will you not use them against me… but you will embrace them. It’s so amazing, and has felt so freeing for me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have made me feel secure about the future between us. It has been a meaningful transition for me the last few months, where future fantasies and internal future thoughts feel pure, exciting, and joyous. Where you can text me about getting a dog and two guinea pigs, or moving to Canada, or we can talk about you building a van and it feels something I am able to embrace, impose myself onto, and share different thoughts about. I don’t know if the future still feels a source of tension for you between us, but I feel joy for the fantasies in much more pure and fearless way now. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu would be the best walrus to cuddle care for in the world. You’d find all the best cuddling positions, there’d be giggling and silliness, and moments for cuddle graphs, feedback, and conversation. Sign me up for every singly drop of it ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have given me new understandings of bonding and connection. I now appreciate the process of mutual understanding, of forming shared languages, and how achieving that can make you feel. I’m so grateful for every moment of bonding between us - and I appreciate them in ways I’d never have understood before. When you say “I have an anxiety over middle moments of incomplete tasks” my brain instantly goes “fuck yes”, like some dopamine is telling me how lucky I am to hear you, know you a little better, and develop ways of making you feel more known by me. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are careful to enable our values to shine in joint activities. I think it’s easy to ignore value-driven preferences for the sake of some short-term joy or pleasure for another person. But you are so good at protecting your and my values in the ways we act together. You react so well to me if I express that something feels wrong and I so appreciate the moments you say “no. let’s not do that”. It means that our time together feels pure to me. It has sometimes exchanged short-term forms of hedonism for the most joyous kind, where I can feel proud of the way we interact without having lost any sense of self ❤️🍮
I’m so excited for tomorrow. My mind is spinning with delight in how to set up the room for comfort, how it will feel to hold each other, what we might giggle about, and how we might feel at the end. What I’m reflecting on is how it will feel so special with such ease. Youuuuuuu are so relentless at giving me this feeling of our interactions being special. From the idea being novel and exciting, to the moments being joyful, to the feelings I will have at the end as I completely melt. And yet I don’t have to chase it. There is no effort, no reaching for something to feel special. I am so so lucky  ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu keep my heart in a permanent state of melted. My daily life is so filled with affection and reflection in ways that makes me all buttery and it's unbelievable. I wake up melted thank to the thoughts I have of you and how those feel, then I melt throughout the day with affection and interactions where I feel my soul appreciated, I get to sit down every day and consider three things I appreciate about you, and I have a world of memories and moments which I'm surrounded by cementing my meltedness. You have made it so my heart is a permanent puddle ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so protective over our sense of selves. You feel so attentive to moments where my or your soul will not shine and will work to avoid those situations. I feel so grateful that you're unlikely to create a scenario my soul won't shine, and are protective of your own too. There are lots of ways I think of this, and its most obvious when we go against a relationship script for the sake of our souls. ❤️🍮
I always feel so peaceful after having sex with youuuuuuuuu. Pants off reflections with graphs and questions are often moments where I'm seeking some kind of assurance and I've always been given it by you. Its so nice for me not only because I am then at ease the following hours and days but also, next time we have sex I'm liberated to enjoy and indulge in all the pleasure because I know I will feel assured and peaceful at the end. I had a great time with one sided pants off for so many reasons, but one of them is that I know that we will talk about it and you will make me feel comfortable ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu have reflections that make my heart happy. When you analyse love, connection, bonding, it has a deeply warm feeling for me. I feel so lucky to get to explore with you experiences and understandings of human connection and then when you give me a new thought, it hits straight into my heart. There is something so loving about the way you approach thinking about bonding, and there is a clear sense to me of how I've benefitted from it that it now feels emotional whenever you ask something like "you know people who have relationships online". ❤️🍮
I have lots of sex compliments in my head,  but I will pick that... breaks during sex don't bother me because everything feels amazing emotionally and physically with youuuuuuuuu. I think breaks during sex could be moments where stress and anxiety kicks in. I feel so comfortable with you that I think any scenario that occurs I will feel calm and happy that we will acknowledge and be cuddly about it. Us giggling at "I think you've already cum" is such a happy moment for me and will be a really fond memory. I was in such bliss and comfort and treated with such cuddliness and to experience what could, in some scripts, be a moment of embarrassment with such joy is just a beautiful moment for me ❤️🍮
Hiding under a blanket with youuuuuu is the best feeling. I can remember a handful number of times we've done it. And we've done it before as yesterday, for a similar purpose. To feel united in a moment of feedback. Obviously it was funny and silly and giggly and cute. But its also representative of a truth of wanting to be on the same side when giving feedback. Feedback is for joint growth and exploration, and the best way to communicate that is getting under a blanket together and holding eachother tight ❤️🍮
There are so many things between us that make me feel like I have such an easy job in our relationship. Youuuuuu will look out for me and you will also do the same for yourself. Which makes it so easy for me to slowly learn when and what to ask and protect you from. Things like sleep overs, I don't have to stress about it because you will communicate and protect your needs as well as mine. Then it makes it so easy and safe for me to learn what your needs are slowly without risking anything. It adds to such a feeling of being so lucky and easy. ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment)... I'm so excited for sex after having pants off with youuuuuuuu. I have all these feelings and images running through my head for days. I find myself so into sex with you, so present and focused, that the feelings stay with me and I'm swimming in a world of pleasure and intimacy ❤️🍮
I never get tired of interacting with youuuuuuuuu. It’s such a good feeling to me, similar to me feeling more like myself around you and feels so healthy to me. That I never want a break or feel overwhelmed, but instead all opportunities to spend time with you, think of you, organise with you feel positive, pressure free, and make me feel more alive. I don’t think I’m talking about logistically, or even socially, more in terms of emotional labour. I feel free with you and so I always feel excited about interacting with you. ❤️🍮
I really appreciate youuuuuuuuu sharing things you are concerned about for your wellbeing with me in detail. Especially things that concern me. I feel I have a good understanding about your concerns for future sanity regarding over socialising and there have been similar things like this too, maybe diets or living together. Where I haven’t asked at all, but you’ve just told me, over several conversations “I’m thinking about this thing which is important to my wellbeing, and this is the way I’m processing it”. It’s so nice for me, because it’s so clear, there is no chance I will feel anxious or make assumptions, and you made it so easy for me - and obviously not blaming/ shaming me either. I really appreciated both times you told me about how you were feeling tornado-y about not having enough time for orderly living. The way you did it felt like I was pulled closer and protected ❤️🍮
I feel shockingly comfortable being affectionate with youuuuuuu in public. This is really out of character for me, which was trained hard in my upbringing to hide affection. But with you, I feel both relaxed and also intentional in the affection we give. I’m never surprising some awkwardness or shame, I’m just into it, sharing in it, and happy. ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment…) I feel that I could have any form of sex with youuuuuuu and feel totally completely, meltedly, unbelievably satisfied. The sex is so intimate, so cuddly, so comfy - that I’m always going to leave feeling the same sense of pleasure ❤️🍮
I really feel incredibly loved, incredible appreciated and incredibly romanced by youuuuuuuuuu. The more I know you and your languages the more intense it is. And it feels so beautiful for being this way, as I understand your soul more and feel your communication stronger I have this beautiful crescendo to how I feel increasingly appreciated, romanced, and affectioned by you. We’ve discussed before about gratitude and how grateful I feel you are to me in all of your communication and actions - even if you don’t say “thank you so so so much for x”. I feel the same about romance too. I get visions of the future, I get dreams of physical intimacy, I get complimented for my spirit in so many different ways, sentimental gifts, long hugs, serious reflections which include a romantic vision of me - I feel incredibly romanced by youuuuuu in so many amazing ways ❤️🍮
I think I’ve never not felt special in any interaction with youuuuuuu. You are always attentive to me in ways that I feel so special. I don’t know I have had this thought before but I really think every day of the last year you made me feel special in one way or another. I always feel important to you, I always feel that you want me, and I always feel that you’re attentive to something specific about me ❤️🍮
I feel lucky about sex compatibility in the same way I feel lucky about gift compatibility with youuuuuuuu. You said in a shop the other day “If you’re struggling for gifts, buy me a card making set” and I just thought there is so little chance that I’m struggling for gifts for you. You appreciate the best kind of gifts, homemade, cute, cheap gifts with a bit of soul and wrapped all cuddley and cute. I feel very lucky that I can make you cute gifts and you are happy with them. ❤️🍮
Saying romantic things to youuuuuuuu is so nice for me because I enjoy doing it. It helps that I never feel pressure nor am I doing it entirely for your benefit. Rather I get to buzz and flutter and think of my pudding, write how I feel, and process some thoughts – which is always such a nice time. My heart will melt when I hear how you appreciate them and it’ll make me feel gooey and happy and buttery as butter when you read things over, or take things on trips, or keep count of all the hearts. But what makes it nice is that I’m not doing it for that validation – if I was, I think the act would be so much harder. ❤️🍮
(bonus sex compliment…) Youuuuuuuu create a sex mood so well. I’m always so into it, relaxed, not on the edge of losing anything but my mind to pleasure. And I like that you’re careful about mood setting. you’ve mentioned not ruining a moment with a joke or something. I’m not worried how you act because I’m so comfortable in those moments, but I appreciate that you think about it because the moments we have are precious and perfect
Youuuuuuu have made me enjoy events in a way I think I never have in my life. I had a fun time tonight, I think I've never had that before. An event, planned in advance, that them ends up being happy and fun. And its because it reflects us. Its wholesome and efficient, and fun and yummy, its cheap and cute and there's a Canadian dog and his plus 4. It was the same with your birthday, with camping, or 2nd Christmas ❤️🍮
I think one of the biggest compliments I can give youuuuuuu is how you have changed how I understand bonding and human connection. And there are so many different aspects of this. A small one, is how you will push me to think about things… but why do you think people get divorced… but how do you think you would like to retire… but how can you explain men not having friends… I really appreciate this thing you do for a few reasons, it feels like you want to understand me, it feels like you value my experiences and it creates a situation for me to freely say “I don’t know but what about…” where I get to develop my thoughts and share them. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so much fun to interact with the world with. Like so so so much fun. I think your playfulness is beautiful for its humour, its creativity, how you position yourself in those interactions. When we play with someone else, it always feels like such a celebration of that someone else and not of you. The result is situations in which there is laughter and fun and play and then people leave feeling better about themselves ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so tolerant of my varying headspaces. I’m writing this feeling a little anxious about a lecture I’m about to give which will be awful despite my best efforts. And so I’m enjoying this moment to reflect about you and work through some of the things I appreciate, but also maybe not fully puddly as I’m a little tense. Then I can immediately relax myself as I picture a scenario where I explain this to you and you understand, and react taking into account how I feel. There is never a pressure to be something I’m not, and sharing how what I’m thinking about is influencing my behaviours always results in understanding. It’s such an amazing feature of interacting with you because it is truly liberating ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are often more potatoy than me. I feel so safe with you emotionally because of the ways you respond to me. Moments when I make mistakes in how I treat you or not feeling great are when it becomes apparent how potatoy you are. But its always there, under all interactions. A reasonableness, attentiveness and consciousness to how I am and an absorbing of all of it which makes me feel so safe ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu make me feel as excited for our relationship to develop as I did a year ago by constantly progressing the conversations we have. I'm going to learn about marriage, and acting on gloom, and parental emotional maturity, and what it is to be a teammate, with and from you and I'm so grateful to share that with you ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment...) youuuuuuuu are so good at not making sex the opposite of awkward. The time its most obvious is when it comes across as your natural attitude to sex. You make it so easy for sex to be a good time and I feel so lucky because I don't know thats easy for me. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu appreciate my conversation in ways I think few do. I think most people like talking to me for me asking questions about them and for general potato vibes. I hope you like that too, but what I feel you appreciate is the moments I speak out in ways that I think usually go down badly with other people. Its so nice for me to be genuinely encouraged to take more space in conversations, not only explicitly, but also through your positive reaction to the times I control a conversation ❤️🍮
I feel so lucky by how much youuuuuuu value connection and growth between us. Its such a magical feeling to have that someone places so much importance on a bond I have with them. One of aspects of it which is really nice is that I feel more secure to act how I want, because I know if it goes wrong you will want to seek something connecting between us, as I will, so we will find a better place together ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu mix in the serious and the fun in our broader conversation so fluidly and I enjoy it so much. I love that you drop a book that can start a conversation about your childhood after 2 hours of cuddling. Or text me a reflection about our bonding out of blue. It means that both feel balanced, both feel flowing and constant, and both feel wondefully endless ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu make me feel so lucky every day. The are some specifics like sex or gift preferences that feel lucky but I get most of this feeling of luck from the big picture things about you. Your attitude to bonding, your treatment of me, your reflections on life and people. I leave every interaction feeling lucky for something and it builds up to this unbelievable feeling that I’ve won some kind of lottery. Every day, as a result, I get this feeling of awe thinking about you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so gentle with me in ways that mean I often don’t have to explain myself. I have complimented many times how grateful I am you react well to moments where I say I’m feeling something which is making behave a certain way. But often I don’t have to say it, because you’re so attentive to me, thoughtful about what I could be feeling, respectful of my self and believing in my potatoy-ness. It is one of the many ways you encourage me to be myself and I feel liberated and protected ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have a creativity to your playfulness and humour. I don’t know that you’d consider yourself creative. But the way I’ve described your humour as shockingly funny, I think could be framed as creative. There are so many things you say which completely take me by surprise - you know they will make me laugh but I never see them coming because your mind works in beautifully creative ways ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment…) Youuuuuuu make me feel so much pleasure and I’m so relaxed during sex that all feedback I’ve ever given during sex has come completely unconsciously. I’ve always been in this beautiful relaxed state where everything just becomes natural for me and I don’t need to think about anything ❤️🍮
One thing I think I'm not great at is that if something feels good, I think I have a higher than average desire for more of it. Maybe not radically, and usually in a way that is only very slightly destructive for me. But I like a few things in youuuuuuu that helps balance this. Could be an appreciation for moderation, or your ability to balance affection with other forms of bonding, or your protection of alone time. All this is really nice for me because it means I get help preventing spiraling into destructive forms of consumption with youuuuuu ❤️🍮
I feel constantly fueled with passion for youuuuuuuuuu. Its a consequence of everything... the affection, reflections, the time we spend together, the means of bonding, the ways you communicate, the daily processes and the less frequent ones. But what I'm left with is this relentless excitement to give you my thoughts, time and energy. I've never felt mundane with you, neither in the time we spend together or how we connect when apart. Its an amazing balance to feel relaxed and secure and myself but also excited and passionate and interesting in how I connect with youuuuu ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu would be a great dog owner. You would be responsible and caring and kind, you would take them on cuddly walks and feed them excellent nibbles. But the best reason you'd be a great dog owner is that you'd treasure them and feel grateful for them. I can see you owning a dog and always feeling in awe of having their company every single day ❤️🍮
I am sorry for being a grumpy man. I let myself slip, and as a result was an agitating boar. The love book would tell me that loving involves controlling that. I’m sorry for not being so pleasant to youuuuuuuu, you perfect cuddlepop.
Youuuuuuuu have beautiful expectations around feedback and growth. Suggesting pants off communication, or what to do better next time I'm an old grumpy man, or conversation ideals makes me feel so lucky. I have complimented many times your reaction to feedback, but what I appreciate about the way you give feedback is that it is framed as teamwork, feels non blamey, and feels low pressure. It means I can feel positive and excited for future interactions between us ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so easy to have a range of interactions with. I feel like I could be in any headspace and still want to and enjoy spending time with you. Because you are really flexible over how an interaction happens, what we do say or feel and it makes me calm in any situation and feel like I'm not letting down some expectations you have of me. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so open minded to me. I guess you know basically most of my preferences and attitudes and yet you've always received them being totally accepting. Its one of the most magical things about how you treat me. I think I've really never ever been judged by you. And it is one of the ways I'm free to be myself. I think you're the only person I've ever gotten to know who I can say that for. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so available to me. I feel so grateful that I get so many phone calls and interactions and if I ever want to talk about something you'll be receptive of it. I always feel I can and am talking to you and its makes it feel like I'm spending every day with you,  grounded in your company, and get to relax to your voice and interactions ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu really respect me. The more time I spend with you the more profound the positive ways you feel towards me hit me. Because it isn't in what you say, its underpinning every interaction. And then as more time passes, I feel more and more the truth of those feelings. I feel your respect a lot and its so important for me to feel worthy around you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuuu are so good at weaving affection into our interactions. I feel whenever we talk or spend time, there are new little kisses just dotted around. It could be a compliment, or a squeeze but I feel constantly affectioned in little happy treats ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu take me seriously. Often more seriously than I think I deserve. When it comes to us, needs, preferences. You listen with a conviction that what I say is important. Its sometimes been shocking for me, but has been so beautiful for making me feel your equal ❤️🍮
Pants off with youuuuu is amazing for how I feel during and one of the beautiful things is that we can have pants off and it can feel emotionally as good by the end as if we had cuddled for that time. I think I always assumed pants off gets in the way of a good cuddle but with you I feel I can get both. There is always some giggling, always some affection, and there is also cuddling. ❤️🍮
Pants off with youuuuuuuuu is so nice for me, for how present I feel during. I will always want the tv off, because I love that feeling of it being just us, comfort and pleasure. I think me wanting that is a healthy sign and isn’t inevitable. It is a result of enjoying the intimacy of pants of with youuuuu and feeling deeply comfortable ❤️🍮
Pants off with youuuuuuuu is mind-blowingly pleasurable. I have learnt about my own pleasure and anatomy from you. I have solo-sex differently now, imitating how sex with you feels. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu feel realistic about bonding to me. I feel you understand the time it takes, or the processes involved. And you aren't expecting unrealistic emotions from me. It means I can feel how I feel and never have to apologise for it ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu made this morning's relationship question redundant for two beautiful reasons. First youuuuuuuu made so many things undaunting. I was never daunted over silly things that might be funny now. Because you made being with so easy, so normal, so relaxed. Then we also don't banter about what was daunting between us, because its not funny to laugh about distress. I really like that I think the question doesn't really work for me because nothing funny was ever daunting, and things that were stressful are treated with respect and care ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are so beautiful to talk with on the phone because the conversation is so easy. Specifically, I've never started a phone call with a list of things I want to talk about, I can just enter this world and relax as it flows. But then there is also no repition to it. We've definitely had the same conversations over, but never the same phone calls. Each one will have a different structure, a new chapter, a different ending. It means it never feels like a chore but a fun space to swim around and discover ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment...) youuuuuuu have really changed how I view pants off in so many ways. From the purpose, to the process, to the feelings. I think I'd not have formed any opinions about pants off that remain the same now. I feel similar about a few banana aspects like this. And so lucky to have spent the last year learning with youuuuuu ❤️🍮
I so appreciate the way youuuuuuuu fold me into your life. Yesteday I got a little taste of you as you went to meet some friends whilst you had shared parts of that process you thought I would find funny or we could bond over. In so grateful for this. I sometimes answer the phone and it takes me a little to adjust to where you are and how the interaction will go but I always leave so grateful to have felt alongside you for whatever you're doing. It means I feel important to you, close to you, and wanted by you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu understand the purpose of these compliments so nicely. I think on one level I would struggle to write them if you didn't understand what I was doing but on another level its way more important. There are lots of things that I do or say that people don't vibe with around connection. Yesterday someone told me "whats it like to be so serious all the time" when I went off on how pop music is violent. I've had similar responses when I talk about football matches being spiritual experiences of human connection. But I feel that you understand my approach to the world. You will say things like "that's inkeeping with your whole thing" and will engage with me when I'm saying "compliments are gratitudes that are moments of concentrated connection" or something. Its so nice for me for lots of reasons. I feel I can be myself, I feel the appreciation I get from you is really of me, and I feel validated for being who I am. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu give me so much space. I feel that I can bend in lots of ways and still be embraced by you. I feel that your behaviours towards me are dependent on something deep in me and if I act differently on the surface I'm not at risk of losing how you hold me. I suppose that's where my sense of security comes from with you. A feeling that the conditions of your actions towards me are based on lots which is deeply in my soul, stable, and things I also value ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment…) when I think about pants off, I think about a physical closeness to youuuuuuu. I’m experiencing skin contact, I’m seeing you close up, and I’m feeling warm through touch. I really like that a lot of our pants off involves being very close to eachother, and I like more that what I picture is something that makes me feel warm. It’s deeply arousing because of this and reveals what I enjoy with you is warmth, closeness, and physical connection. Which feels so healthy and rewarding to me ❤️🍮
A very quick nibble… I can’t describe the feeling properly of when I first start to think about giving you compliments. But a pure joy rushes through my veins. It is noticeable for it’s immediacy and the fact it is purely positive in such a clear and uncomplicated way. As I begin to feel my way into thinking about youuuuuu ❤️🍮
I feel lucky for so many things about youuuuuuu. One of the main things is your determination for me to be honest and myself. I think few people would both be determined to push me to be myself but also see enough to keep trying. When I think of how I reached a place of feeling so comfortable with you, I feel so so lucky that you persevered to get here.
I feel so lucky about many of your preferences and priorities. One of the reasons that I find it easy to be myself around youuuuuuuu is because I feel no judgement from you. Part of that is your respect of me, but part is that you will appreciate or share many preferences I have. If you don’t share a preference, I feel I rarely have to explain it, because you understand me and don’t need me to justify myself.
I am so grateful for youuuur balance. I feel you have this way of balancing our interactions like a refined recipe. A dash of reflecting, a spoonful of growth, 300g of giggling, a pinch of sex, a handful of the future and 15 minutes of kneading some feedback. And you have an intuition for it in a way that feels so lucky for me. As though you predict what might be nice for us to discuss before it is needed. ❤️🍮
I’m so grateful to be called a potato by youuuuuuu. I get to feel a huge hug every single time you do something like send me a baby video and say “this is how I feel when I see you” or something like this. And it feels great because I know what you appreciate about me. And being called a potato and having it explained to me why I’m a potato and how I’m a potato to you means that I know why you appreciate me and why you’re excited to see me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu a the world’s greatest cuddler. Technically perfect in the positions you find and the way you hold me. But it’s also your cuddling spirit. When we’re cuddling it feels like you’re in your element, like a champion athlete in their field. You know what you’re doing, you’re at one with the moment. When I picture us cuddling I feel your spirit as much as anything. You will move or wriggle in my mind in your ways that shows how in the mode you are ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment…) youuuuuu make me want sex all the time. Because pants off is so emotionally accessible with you, I can always picture getting into pants off. It means that walking down the street, or washing up, or any time my mind wonders I can delve into pants off land because I can get into a place of desire with you in such a comfy and easy way ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu feel so refreshing whenever I spend time with you. It’s like I come away feeling more alive, more rested, more myself. I was really excited to see you today and feel so satisfied. But more than that I feel awake. Like I’ve had the best swim of my life. I think it’s the combination of ease and excitement that makes it feel so refreshing ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are just so perfect to plan with for so many reasons. But one is that you will do thinking on my behalf. Angling for win-wins, thinking often of things for my benefit that I hadn’t considered myself. It’s nice because it is generous and kind - but also for emboldening me to be selfish and seek my own preferences ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are such a good kisser. I feel so instantly on cloud 9 kissing you. Everything feels amazing and moves at the right pace. And I could kiss you for hours and it’d never be boring. It’s one of your many superpowers ❤️🍮
Spending time with youuuuuuuu feels more rewarding the more you know me. I feel I can express myself in a way where you will know what I mean and where what I'm saying comes from. There are things that happen in my day and I feel, I can't wait to share this with pudding because she will not need the long explanation and she will understand the spirit in which I'm saying it ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so bloody reasonable. One of the amazing things with you is how reasonable you are around emotions. It makes it so nice for me because you expect nothing unreasonable from me which means I can relax over my own behaviour ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu make me so melty. I was thinking recently about things I like more about you. And many feel normal and healthy to like more about someone as you spend more time with them. But I melt quicker, I melt deeper, and I melt more extremely now than I did a year ago. I puddle myself so regularly at almost every thought I have of you. Its unbelievable and so much fun to have this thing where I think of you and my insides turn instantly to butter ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment...) when I kiss youuuuuuuuu, I don't know that I ever think "I'm ready to take my clothes off". I think I just feel always so comfy and sunken into a moment that taking my clothes off isn't a change of state. There can be no change of state as I've become stateless. And in this place of bliss nothing bad can happen ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are associated with warmth to me my pie. I feel the sun on my skin this morning and the emotions I feel are so strongly associated with you that it feels like you are stroking my face. I sometimes pause in the sun just to let you embrace me a little longer. ❤️🍮
I want to explore with youuuuuuu something, which I'm not sure how to understand. But something on my mind is your strong desire for real connection and how lucky I am to benefit from that. I guess gloom or feeling upset the other day is distressing and not a happy situation but the force underpinning that in you is a strong desire for connection and a refusal to accept distance, fakeness and so on. I don't know how you think of these things but I feel a weird mix of so so so lucky to receive from you a strong desire for deep connection and then some guilt that you wear this burden through distress. ❤️🍮
I'm so grateful how determined youuuuuuu are that future plans are built on my wants too. It sounds basic and obvious and important. But this morning I felt a strong pleasure in designing some futures with you and felt so lucky you so firmly ask me what I want out of life ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu have such a good way of building excitement up to seeing you. You drop little bits of teasing me for excitement for the time we will spend together in a way I so appreciate. It means I’m constantly thinking of new ways that I too am excited to spend time with you. ❤️🍮
What makes being excited about seeing youuuuuuuuuu so perfect is that I feel so little pressure over it. Time I spend with you is the least pressure I feel for any interaction. I might still spend lots of time preparing, thinking about it, making sure things are right but there isn’t an ounce of feeling negative tension over ensuring the interaction is good. Instead I’m free to be excited, thoughtful and prepared liberated in the security that nothing bad can happen ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are so easy to be romantic towards. Being asked “say something romantic to me” is probably something I’d find really hard unless all I had to do was open up some of my heart. It is so unbelievably nice that I can respond to this the same way I can a compliment and just speak some truth I feel ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu make me feel so positive. On a day when I feel sick and tired it becomes so noticeable  that I can stop, think of you and feel so much peace and happiness its feels as though it cures my sickness ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so good at making me feel relaxed. I think and treasure this so much in so many ways. But lots of our interactions are shaped by this beautiful feeling of achieving excitement without pressure. The way I’m appreciating this today is thinking about your Christmas presents. Knowing that there will be excitement which will be fulfilled is such a nice place for me because I can lean in however I want sure that the beauty is protected ❤️🍮
That first moment of seeing youuuuuuuuu is always such a hit. I like all the variations of that moment. Maybe we’re meeting outside and I see you from a distance and the feeling feels perfect because I feel such a strong jolt even if you’re so far away or maybe you’re coming to my flat and you’re immediately leaning in for a hug and I get swamped with you like the feeling I seek when I say I want to eat you ❤️🍮
One of the things I really appreciate about youuuuuuu is your indulgence of my visions of the world. I really like that on a day like today I can have thoughts about the world and be excited to share them with you. I could see someone with a tattoo that read “romance is” and the next word was covered by a boot for a good 2 hours I was excited to ask what you thought the word would be and what the last word would be for you. The reason this is so exciting for me is I might say something that most people would roll their eyes at or not care for but I feel my answer would be of interest to you ❤️🍮
Every time youuuuuuu do something kind for me and you tell me that it will keep happening my heart melts. I know it to be true but it’s the timing of it. To be feeling very lucky and then be told bam. Guess what. You’re even luckier.❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so normal. I love this thing you said “it’s actually nice to be with someone normal”. God I appreciate this so much. That I can trust you, understand you and be understood. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have the best ways of giving feedback. I feel so comfortable with you. I think you have probably given me lots and lots of feedback but none of it has made me feel shameful or awkward or conscious of myself ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu explain yourself so clearly to me. And you’ll repeat something if I need. And you’ll be so patient with me understanding something. I appreciate this so much because I feel like I’m able to relax during conversations where I know I will understand what you say and you won’t get frustrated with me if not. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so kind to me, careful with the words you use, and so so quick to apologise if you feel you misspoke. I sometimes feel with presents that “I don’t deserve this” or “it’s too good for me”. I feel the same with some of the ways you protect me or apologise for things I hadn’t expected apologies for. I feel amazed, grateful and lucky ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu feel so warm to me my pudding. Listening to your voice in the cold as I walked home - the ear I had you in felt warmer than the other until I switched and warmed the other up. I still feel sad and soggy for the disconnect of Sunday, but I feel warmed, grateful, gooey and lucky for your voice, your teammateyness and how you’ve treated me ❤️🍮
One of the things I'm so grateful for with youuuuuuu is developing languages which apply to all aspects of my life. In thinking about what friendship means I have access to new ways of thinking about all of my relationships, new ways to assess my behaviours towards others and new ways to evaluate the worth of a friendship. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu care about my emotional wellbeing. Its a low bar compliment but I think I've never experienced a sense that you don't care about my welfare. I feel I need to be careful like you are not to enjoy care too much and seek it more than necessary. But I appreciate its always there underpinning how you treat me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu gave new language to the seeking of enlightened relationships on Sunday. I think, if I understand the concept correctly, this summarises a lot of the things I'm grateful for about the way you have treated our banana. I feel I thought of things separately like openness to feedback, honesty, seeking connection, asking for reflections. But maybe these could all be part of this process of seeking enlightenment and feel so lucky that I'm part of. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are the best person in my life to be open with about how I'm feeling. You're so normalising and responsive and caring. I feel complete openness and non-judgement from you which makes it both so easy to share and also so rewarding to share. It is also beautiful for me because our interactions need this. Given we talk a lot via text I feel its so important for me to share how I'm feeling to add context to the mood of the day. So its a necessary thing for me which becomes rewarding and easy the way you receive it ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu can talk about things between us in a way that is emotionally easy for me. I feel that you can acknowledge an emotional aspect of something we are discussing whilst keeping the conversation kind and practical and moving forward. I think I haven't described it well but I feel very comfortable talking to you about things that are sensitive because I feel you regulate your emotional response really well. Maybe you're absorbing a lot and suffering inside, or maybe you're just in control. But it makes it very comfortable for me because I feel as long as I'm kind and reasonable I can say my truth in a safe space ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu treat me so well and I'm so into the processes we use to build a banana. I told you this over the phone the other day but the thing that makes me feel most secure in our banana is how you work to build it. Your thoughts, your carefulness with me, your ideas of bonding. As with the compatability over sex, I feel a compatability over banana building attitudes, maybe it took longer to align, but I never find myself disagreeing with how you view bananas and the processes involved make them bright yellow ❤️🍮
Bonus sex compliment... youuuuuuu hold my hand during sex. I think I've made this compliment before. But I was pausing to think of a pants off situation to reflect what made me grateful about it and my mind instantly went to holding hands during oral sex. For me its the ultimate cuddling move. Its so teammatey and assuring and cuddly. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu make my soul always feel alive and full. I’ve had a work day where it feels emptied and sad and so reflecting on how every time we spend together makes my soul dance and sing so happily. Our priorities, our activities, our conversations feel so right and I feel so lucky that I have this in you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are so forgiving to me. I’d be curious if this is how you saw yourself but something that makes me feel secure with you is your very realistic and kind way you offer second chances, apologies, or”to see how it goes”. I guess it’s the same as viewing things as grey, but it feels forgiving and generous too. It’s nice for me because it’s one of the ways it becomes easy to be myself. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu would be the best dog co-owner. I know you don’t need a co-owner and maybe don’t want to co-own a dog with me. But you’d be the best for so many reasons. Your attitude to pet ownership makes my soul happy, you are practically minded, you celebrate dogs in ways that is infectious, and you have a nice philosophy about their spirit and will ❤️🍮
Spending time chatting with youuuuuuuu will always be more entertaining than any television. Watching telly with you is fun but it doesn't compare to sitting on a sofa with you chatting. There is a need for a balance between mwahs and cuddles and platonic forms of connection. And being on the sofa my brain immediately wants cuddles. But some of my happiest memories have been sat on other ends of a sofa, relaxed, looking at eachother and sharing something. I remember one of the first times we did it at your place, I thought very quickly "uh how will we cuddle" but I ended feeling so happy for this situation of being together, just close enough to rub a foot, at peace, with space to talk and listen. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so good at mixing excitement with practicality. This compliment of you being the perfect dog sitter for being both excited and reliable is so true and I benefit from this so much too. For me this is the best when you suggest a form of play that I steer away from. You immediately switch, can change rhythm and be open to my wants in that situation. Excitability never feels overwhelming to me because if I need to be heard I will be. And that is so so magic ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu put thoughts into action in a way I benefit from so much. Your reflections and mind are sublime but sometimes I see you change your behaviour based on a thought you had and never mulled over, never expressed at length. You just act on them. It makes it so easy for me, for you to do lots of thinking and also to take lead on implementing behaviours between us ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are such a good listener. I know we're working on a balance between us in conversation. But one of the things I love about chatting with you is that when I have something to say it feels amazing saying it to you. I think you receive conversation in ways where the emotions almost always feels fully validating and the encouragement is for me to speak more honestly in ways that I like, rather than fulfilling some other interests you might have ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu make me felt so good when debriefing with you yesterday. There are so many things about that situation which feel truly truly beautiful. The openness to feedback, the comfort from which I can speak, the honesty I can bring and the content of that honesty being beautiful and so deeply happy ❤️🍮
The feeling i have putting myself in a situation of asking youuuuuuu one final question before a secret mission is a weird one. I feel the pain of missing you with the joy of what that represents simultaneously. The sadness only exists because of the beauty of what I feel towards you. And so I smile immediately as I feel close to you, and so grateful for this conjured feeling of loss. I love this feeling, my heart burns bright in all directions and I feel intensely in love ❤️🍮
There are things we do together that make me see new heights of connection or joy or enlightenment. I always thought as a kid that eventually I would be able to have a life where I build it in my image, and things like Christmas or birthdays become expressions of self. I thought that about everything but maybe celebrations are moments I feel most evidently powerless and unknown. I feel with youuuuuuuu like I have that feeling of being able to create things in my image and I'm so grateful for your efforts in protecting it for me. I am excited for Christmas this year. I was excited on the phone this weekend talking presents to my sister. I will despair at most of it, the family time, my team day today, the shopping... but I will treasure what we do together and feel so lucky that I get that ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu make me feel aroused in ways I'd never have thought possible. I feel aroused in a deeper way. Its hard to explain but it feels like desire rather than excitement. It feels embedded rather than fleeting. And it feels accessible rather than imposed. I can tap into this deep well of desire and feel close to you at any time. I love this feeling so much because its deeply satisfying, it feels really healthy, and it means that sexuality is so available to me ❤️🍮
I really appreciate youuuuur rhythm in life. Everything is considered or designed with a mind to comfort, being practical and achievable. And I feel very lucky for it because I benefit from relaxed and comfy time that we spend together ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so much fun to make bedtime stories with. Lots of things between us feel like a perfectly balanced representation of us, and I think making stories together will feel just like this ❤️🍮
One of the best most reassuring things about youuuuuuuu which makes me feel so so lucky is how much I can trust you to be so deeply kind, considerate of me and reasonable in discussions about how we treat eachother. I feel such a sense that I can say anything about our relationship, express myself in any way and be received with my welfare at the heart of how you're thinking. It also feels incredibly natural to you too in a way which builds trust in me that it will happen over and over. Its like present giving where you've said "it won't stop", I feel that a lot about this feeling of you keeping discussing how we interact and behave trying to find win wins and protecting my interests too. Its such a beautiful way of being a team mate and I'm so grateful for it ❤️🍮
Building anticipation for physical intimacy with youuuuuuuu feels so beautiful because of how we have built that dynamic between us. The place my mind goes to of desire and romance is so much deeper and more intense for the reality of our physical relationship. The comfort, the non pressure, everything feeling good, the discussions. It all means that when we play with ideas of eating eachother all up, my feelings are of what I feel in reality. There is no fantasy of emotions other than how I really feel with you, there can be nothing more ❤️🍮
I feel so treasured by youuuuuuuuu in lots of ways. One way is that I feel "liked" by you. As in on top of being in love with me, and appreciating how I treat you, and fancying me, feeling connected to me... I feel you like me. On a level of light level of enjoying my personality. Its a bit of a given and maybe a weird thing to appreciate but I enjoy feeling it. I feel it when you give me certain compliments like calling me funny, or phone me whilst you're on the move because these moments aren't necessarily about seeking bonding or connection, just an enjoyment of who I am and how I am to be around ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu have an openness to me which feels like forgiveness but is something much purer. I feel I can express myself around you in negative ways because of how accepting and tolerant you are. I think with most people I'd think of needing to apologise and id see tolerance as an act of forgiveness on their behalf. But with you, you're so quick to accept me, so open to how I am feeling, wrap yourself around whatever version of me is present that I feel I'm never needing forgiveness for my state of being, because I have genuine acceptance ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment...) sex with youuuuuuu is a meditative experience. My headspace is so present, I have no thoughts other than the pleasure I'm feeling. Its the perfect place to be and its unbelievable every single time ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are really good for being able to raise a conversation at any time and at whatever pace feels comfortable. I really like this for a few reasons. Like right now I feel relaxed about talking about your evening with Annabear whenever it makes sense, the same for you wanting to hear about my Christmas day. It just feels comfy and smooth that these things can be discussed whenever feels nice. Then it has more important impacts too, like difficult conversations or things I need to hear, these can also be had whenever it feels comfortable to me. It makes time apart and together easier knowing that conversation can happen whenever comfortable ❤️🍮
Pinning youuuuuuu down is the best time. There's always giggling, sometimes hysterical. I feel so happy in those moments. I can maybe only picture two really well, but they might have been the moments of most pure joy this year ❤️🍮
In this moment, my cuddlepop, I'm feeling two things about youuuuuuu, the first is very grateful for the functioning of our banana. I just feel so at ease with how we communicate and how we bond. This week we discussed the balance in power and labour between us relating to time and planning, what issues it might bring down the line, how it made us feel. And it felt so easy. It felt so natural. So teammatey and I leant on the trust I had in you which was rewarded again. I am so grateful for this ❤️🍮
The other thing I'm feeling about youuuuuu in this moment, my cuddlepop. Is so damn excited to see you ❤️🍮 ugh being in your company is such a blessing and I can't wait. Give me a slice of pudding I'm ravenous ❤️🍮
I feel so so so grateful for youuuuuur attitude to relationships ❤️ Whenever we consume relationship content, I always just think how your approach is so lucky for me. You’re so aware of the need for win-wins, you’re so open to ways of achieving it. I just feel so lucky that you see relationship building in the ways you do and whenever I’m provoked to think big picture or fantasise about the future it is this that I feel most grateful for ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu do comfort so well in a way that feels so easy to connect with you through. There are some activities that make me feel something towards you in a more intense way, which I already felt. Like if we walk somewhere beautiful, the awe will make my awe for you stronger. I feel like a puddle now, all melted into your moans as the comfort that surrounds me feels like you are cradling me still. ❤️ 🍮
Youuuuuuuu feel so so warm to me. You have this amazing impact on me that thinking of you makes my chest warm and my heart smile. The place in my life you have is one that is created by both of us and I love that the place feels so physically warm. The warmth feels so because of how pure the positivity is I feel when I think of you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have introduced happy tears into my life. When they first happened, I remember telling you it was also out of relief and maybe a little worrying that I felt that way. I feel the situation has changed a little. The feeling is maybe the same of being a release of joy in a moment of feeling strong awe from a gesture of love. But the background is a lot different. I feel secure about our banana and how we're building it, and I feel deeply loved on a soul level. So then happy tears are just when I feel the same things I am lucky enough to feel every single day just on a really acute level ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so nice to rub. All things between us feel great because of the underlying relationship feeling great to me. And rubbing is no different. I feel no jealousy, or boredom, or anxiety, or any of the things I might feel if I felt not at peace with who we are to eachother or how I am around you. All the dynamics of sex that are so protected by our relationship are the same for rubbing. I feel so emotionally comfortable that I can relax and just enjoy something that feels good to me. I feel so secure that I can be myself and honest in any situation that occurs between us. I feel so cradled, and validated, and approved, and free, and myself and all of it. So a long massage is protected by all of these things for me and I can't wait until the next time ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu respond well to honesty in all situations. It’s such a beautiful character trait and helps me in all interactions. Writing a letter to you today, it was difficult to understand my truth but I knew that my task was trying to find it. I was a little surprised by your response still. I’m never encouraged to hide by you, even if it is a gut reaction of mine at times. It makes such a variety of interactions so much nicer for me and I think is one of the roots of me feeling myself around you.  
I got told today I “won at life” when telling someone of my advent calendar from youuuuuu. And it was a quick reaction comment from them, but I know it to be true. She meant it from a perspective of someone spending so much time and effort to make me feel good. But she doesn’t know the half of it. Because on top of that you give your time and energy to our banana, to reflections about yourself and I benefit from it all. 
I appreciate youuuuur philosophy of bananas a lot. Something that makes conflict or tension easier for me is that if you raise an issue between us, I’ve learnt to trust that what you say will be beneficial to listen and learn. When you raised loyalty recently, I was excited for us to resolve a tension together. But I was also excited to learn something from you about bananas. You have usually thought a lot about different banana aspects and rooted in those thoughts are beautiful values and ways of thinking about human connection.
Youuuuuuu are so thoughtful in so many ways that benefit me. One I want to compliment today is the thought of your gifts being a deep web of related ideas. Gift ideas often have a long process of thoughts attached to them and its beautiful for me to work out slowly and then fill the object with all of those ideas and meanings. I think its the time you take over present ideas. It means they become so rich over time and then I receive something which has so much meaning attached to it. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu make so many things easy for me. You apply so little pressure to me over many things in a genuine way. Its so nice for me because I don't think I deal well with personal pressure. But you're so often thoughtful, considerate of my wants, and open minded to different outcomes. I'm so grateful for this in you and it makes me feel so easy, free, lucky ❤️🍮
I want to eat youuuuuuuuuu when you talk to me. You say such interesting things that I just want deep inside of me. when you mentioned how wholesome activities are a healthy thing to focus on relative to people who are spending their time keeping their head above poisoned water. I just wanted to eat you. The feeling is physical. Get in me. And you do that to me so often. I have an 'mmmmm' where the intonation changes a little when I've learnt something from what you just said. And that always bring strong feelings of "I want to eat you".
youuuuuuuu are so rewarding to share things with. I've said this before but what is so nice for me is that I get to express things and you aren't responding with shock, or a dramatic emotion, you can hear me, reflect, respond in ways that is so comforting. Something is off my chest fully, it's in your mind and it doesn't feel like a burden, you're interested, engaged, with me. it's like you are the old oak. you listen and take things from me in such a satisfying way. ❤️
My puddling for youuuuuuuu just gets deeper and deeper. every day, week, month that passes, I fall more in love with you, sink deeper into the emotional bliss of our relationship, and feel stronger in my appreciation of you. I don't know I had any expectations of how I might feel over time, but it's so amazing to me. To be sitting here knowing the more time passes, the stronger I feel and the deeper I puddle ❤️
It's so nice to think about pants off with youuuuuuuuu. I transport myself there and I'm fully with you. I just feel togetherness. I think I always associated sex with the opposite. With objectification and distance and isolation. But its just so so the opposite with you. And then I have this amazing moment when I'm on my own thinking about it. Its even more associated with objectification and isolation... so then to feel so together is amazing. It feels so healthy and human, it feels so comfy, and so deeply erotic ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so rewarding to gift for lots of reasons but the one I'm appreciating in this moment issss. Gifts are a form of expression. And expressing anything to you feels great for the process. The thoughts I have, the feelings I feel, the activities involved all just feel natural, easy, rewarding, and completely soaked in butter. Like drenched in butter. Writing compliments is beautiful because I take this time to pause and reflect on how I feel about you. Giving gifts is the same. I get some time to think about a way to make you smile, what you like, what I like and its the process that is satisfying because of how you make me feel  ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu fill me with warmth and butter and puddle, but the best thing about it is that it feels healthy. I can fully embrace this, lie in bed this morning for an hour just soaking in all my feelings because it all feels honest and true. The feeling of mutual honesty means many wonderful things to me, but this is one of them. I can wake up and indulge in feeling in love because all of it was achieved openly, honestly, sensibly, carefully. ❤️🍮
Another aspect of feeling like honesty is important is that I get this amazing feeling that I never disappoint youuuuuuu. My temperament is often celebrated by people when they're seeking comfort, but if someone is excited and happy, I rarely feel like I've been rewarding to them maybe I'll try to perform some excitement but it isn't natural. Spending time with you is so beautiful for being rewarded only and always for being myself. And by rewarding that in me, you make it so happy for me to be around you when you're excited. I can express happiness in my own ways, be however I am and never feel like I'm disappointing you in those moments ❤️🍮
Walking youuuuuuuu home is the best time for me. It's pure magic. I feel so relaxed, there is play and affection and conversation and space. I know it might feel like it but it's never a form of sacrifice either, I'm always having a great time walking back too. It's not really a non-activity, but it's a space I really feel grateful for ❤️🍮
There are things we or youuuuuuuu do that remind me how lucky I am because of how relaxed and normal I feel with you when you do them. One of them is asking for no physical touching for a bit. Maybe I need to ask what you're thinking and feeling when you say this before I compliment it. But I quite like it when you do this because I feel comfortable, I feel happy to hear you, and I hope that it means you're more comfortable for a bit. I guess making you say this could feel wrong or bad, and maybe it should, but for now it just feels "alright then skip hop skip". And that feels normal, and easy, and healthy. ❤️🍮
I feel I can communicate to youuuuuuuuu like few other people in my life. There are no moments where I feel misunderstood by you. And it's so nice for me to have someone like that. Where I feel I can both say things that interest you and also feel like I will be able to explain myself in an easy way for you to understand. Maybe you're extra good at understanding people generally, or we've just worked it out between us, but either way it means that talking to you is so satisfying for me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so generous with rubs and kisses. I think I like giving rubs as much as I do receiving them, and you could totally exploit that. But I get so many. and I get the world's best rubs and kisses. Maybe you like giving them as much as you like receiving them, either way, I'm such a lucky pony. ❤️🍮
I am so grateful for youuuuuuur communication. I have complimented this in the past and you have responded something like "I don't think I'm that great at communicating". But, I always feel like I know what is on your mind over a matter. And it could be anything, but I'll never feel you're withholding something out of ease or out of performing. Maybe we're planning some time, maybe we're discussing presents, maybe we're chatting about children or marriage. I feel like I'll receive from you how your mind is processing something. It's always available to me, it never feels a burden to you, and I can ask over and over. I also feel that if you want me to have understood something, you will go out of your way to make sure I do. You will rarely or never assume I know something which you haven't taken the time to explain. And that's a really good communication trait. It's so fundamental, and something I feel so lucky for. ❤️🍮
I really appreciate youuuuuuur balance between protecting things that are good between us and finding new ways to bond, interact, work together. I think I understand and feel this tension, and appreciate the ways you think about it too. I heard it recently when I think you said something like "don't shake it" when describing how you think about a short-term future between us. I feel I benefit from both in you. Touching my man bits, the hours we spend together, our living spaces... things that work can be protected and treasured at the same time that things to develop our interactions further can be explored. ❤️🍮
One of the things I'm most amazed by with the time I have spent with youuuuuuuuu, is how my relationship to myself has developed, or remained consistent, over that period of time. Being in a situation where you can make me cry with happiness in the morning by telling me how you appreciate me is a vulnerable position. I am open to joy, and hurt, and jealousy, and awe, and all of it. I've spent a year in this position with you but I feel my relationship with myself is just as healthy, happy, at peace, and confident as ever. I don't question myself, I don't hate myself, I don't regret my behaviours in unhealthy ways. And one of the reasons for that is so many of the ways you have treated me. There feels like a large level of trust in emotional investment and engagement in someone, trust that the investment won't result in some form of issues with yourself. But here I am, feeling myself, feeling happy, feeling confident, liking who I am and also ready to cry tomorrow morning with the weight of our banana. And I am really grateful for getting both ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu melt me so consistently. I really appreciate that it is so dependable. I can sit down now, think of you, the impact you have on me and I just melt. All I need is a little space to enjoy you and I melt throughout. The consistency of it is so nice.
Youuuuuuu have made me feel so assured and secure about your investment in me. I can't remember last being wobbly about that. Things like you mentioning packing up your flat to move to Canada are so nice for me, because I just feel deeply like I don't need to ask whether you'll still care about me if you move to Canada. I know it fully, which means I can feel excited by new ways for us to bond and relate.
Youuuuuuu have no idea how much something like a "mwah" bear hug card or a bear drawing impacts me. haha, I have tears in my eyes writing this. Okay, maybe you do have an idea. But it's amazing to me. I've described it before with the bear drawings but it's purely selfless. it's purely doing something to make me smile. and the purity of that feels so intense. You planned it, it wasn't a reaction to some other form of affection, I never asked for it. Just you wanted to make your potato feel a little flutter. I'm so grateful for this feeling but I don't get a little flutter, I get a full melt, full complete puddly melt.
I think youuuuuur voice does to me what my smokey smell might do for you. If I close my eyes to drink you in, I picture the feeling that your voice has on me. Everything becomes loose, my ears want to be closer, and my heart feels happy ❤️
When youuuuuuu are funny for a greeting I have a beautiful double feeling. Maybe you shout at the phone that I'm not in your ear yet, or peep at me through the door. I find it funny in a way that only you are funny to me. but then I also get that feeling of seeing you. So then I have this double reaction of a laugh and a melt. It immediately cools the excitement of the joke into a deeper pleasure of being with my pudding ❤️
Saying romantic things to youuuuuu is so easy. I just have to open my heart a little and it comes flowing out. I think I'd used to think of romance as a world of hyperbole, where exaggeration is done for the sake of poetry. But I have learnt from you, or alongside you, that honesty is so much better. It makes the romance real. I really like when you ask me to say something romantic. It gives me the chance to open up and let out something I feel strongly ❤️
Youuuuuu have an unbelievable interior design and work to make your space so beautiful. That picture of your living room is so yummy I just want to dive in. I have lots of tensions in my life, like with the sweater venn diagram where something might be nice for me but it feels sad. Decorations have often been that. What I like is how your decorations all feel beautiful. ❤️
Youuuuuu keep watch on the health of our banana in ways I really appreciate. You will do the whole process, from diagnosing something, to finding ways to resolve it, to putting something into action. It's so humbling when I see you do this because I have rarely asked for it, you just do it for the sake of the banana, for you and for me ❤️
Youuuuuuu appreciate me so beautifully. You're real and careful. Close to me, yet not frustrated. You don't feel good by putting me down, nor want me to change to someone you would rather know. When I think of how you treat me I feel overwhelmed at how lucky I am. To be appreciated for who I am in an honest and completely consistent way. I feel treated so well by you ❤️
Youuuuuuuu have healthy emotional relationships with many of life's ebbs and flows. You can balance excitement for something without huge disappointment if that thing doesn't happen, you can distance yourself from something which won't be fulfilling, and you can let reason explain something which doesn't feel good. I'm still learning to back-off emotionally from things which you want to keep neutral, but I benefit from this in lots of ways. I can be myself in any mood, I can explain my behaviours and expect to be understood, and I can also treat things as emotionally neutral if I don't want them to matter. I really appreciate this about you ❤️
Youuuuuuuu haha, I'm starting to cry thinking about a compliment of how you'd 'break up' with me in a beautiful way. maybe let's change toooo... youuuuuu appreciate things about me I take for granted. The potato sacks are beautiful for god so many reasons. One thing I really like is I get to see what you value in me, or what comes to mind first for you. Lots of these things are things I value between us, or in myself too. But some are just natural and something I haven't thought much about or am not trying to improve on, particularly conversations and animal treatment. These are not things I'd have said I'm great at, nor things I'd value in myself and then I'm so grateful to have your perspective, where some things overlap, but some things are appreciating something I'd not considered before ❤️
Youuuuuuu have such beautiful visions of retirement. Whenever you say "we will be doing this all day in retirement" I more-than-melt at the thought. To plod with you on a day is pure heaven, for that to be my daily reality I wouldn't know what had hit me. Bring on the shed, the forest, the robot hoover ❤️
I never know how an evening with youuuuuuu will go in such a nice way. We might plan the activity and the occasion the food and the blankets, but the interactions are spontaneous and whatever feels right and good. It's incredibly natural to spend time with you because of this and because whatever direction it goes in I will feel great. That means I really don't mind. Maybe we will discuss how to treat mental health issues, maybe we will ask questions about our banana, maybe we will giggle and wrestle, maybe we will pants offff. It's all so perfect and I like that we find the space to go naturally down any path ❤️
Youuuuuuu make me feel so comfortable. I think I've made this reflection before, but I would associate that as a negative word before, and think there are still forms of comfort which are opposed to flourishing. But they way you make me feel comfortable feels so fulfilling and good. Responding "alrighty" to me feeling a bit overwhelmed is so nice, as is recognising my quietness without acting on it. Both responses acknowledge, accept and normalise how I'm feeling. It's deeply validating without any repercussion ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu have taught me so many things that are important to me. And things that are not deeply important but good to know. For example, I never knew that lying on top of someone could feel so good. Top or bottom. Full contact and body weight, god yes. ❤️
Pants off with youuuuuuuu is unbelievably exciting to think about. I get this perfect mix of excitement and security, picturing the pleasure and desire I will feel and knowing that everything will feel good and comfy. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu understand stories I tell about my day so quickly. You understand why I'm telling them and why they matter to me. I really like that I can report what matters to me from an experience I had and you will recognise where I am coming at the situation from ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu make it easy to please you. You tell me what you appreciate and you're happy when it happens. Clean mouth, presents, food, it's all so easy for me because I'm given open goals every time ❤️
Youuuuuuuu have such a nice win win approach to teamwork. I'm trying to apply it to my new housemate. But I think about it often, 'finding the win-win'. It's nice because it has built in a desire to work for both people's preferences, and also suggests that it's possible to get there if you work a little to understand, think, plan ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so much fun to explore new places with because you balance being flexible and easy going with excitement for whatever comes your way. It means I get excitement and playfulness without the pressure which usually comes with it ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so funny in ways that are just associated with pure delight to me. I think your humour will always make me giggle deep down and as I've become more familiar with it it comes flooding with warmth too. So I get to giggle and melt at the same time ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so reasonable in lots of your ways of thinking. Practicalities are reasoned so nicely. It means there is never a situation where unachievable expectations are set, where something is pushed too hard, or where a dream can't be realised. It's so nice for me because all ideas are easy to sink into because they can be real, and all plans have zero pressure to be anything other than what is available ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so open to me. I've used this word lots to describe how it feels in your interactions with me. maybe I should take some time to fully write it out. But the magic of it is I feel attended to, I feel a freedom to impose myself on a situation, I feel you react to how I am, I feel validated and normal, I feel appreciated, and I feel myself. I'm so grateful for all of these things, achieved by how you interact with me, treat me, and see me ❤️
(bonus sex compliment) Youuuuuuuu are so deeply sexually fulfilling. I feel like sex is never neglected, sexuality is folded into our interactions, and pants off always feels amazing. I feel so fully fulfilled by our sexual relationship, of which pants off is one puzzle piece ❤️
I would want to go on a tv show where youuuuuu were the host/ interviewer. You would make me at ease, I would laugh, and the conversation would be fun and engaging. Maybe we can roll play that on a phone call some time. 
I had to pinch myself this morning thinking about all the nice things youuuuuu have said about me and all the things you want to do with me. I had a moment of "maybe I should just check she means all this" then the question that came to my head to ask you was "do you really like me?" haha, shame. It's weird but I think it came from "want to eat at pizza express with youuuuuu". Still in my head, every time you suggest something, some part of it my brain is going... "reallyyyyyyyy?!" "you want to spend time with me!!!!".
I also realised what my weird pants off dream was when I was describing it to youuuuuu this morning. It's our walks around summertown. Because the feeling is exactly the same. we're doing this intimate thing in a random and emotionally cold setting but it feels so comfortable and pure and magic. it's exactly the same feeling and definitely what my head was thinking when it came up with it.
Youuuuuuuuu are beautiful to build a banana with because you have such a consistent attitude of looking out for me. I find it aspirational and amazing. What I find most amazing is when you have big picture thoughts where you're trying to look after me. Small picture thoughtfulness is something that is available and acted everywhere. But to think about life, or decisions, or practices from a perspective of care for me, I find amazing when I feel it ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu get my personality. The reason I normally never question why you want to spend time with me is because very rarely do I feel misunderstood. This mornings potato sack was so nice for this. This is something deep in me, a behaviour that many don't understand. They don't feel my enthusiasm or my hesitations. I'm so grateful you do. And in feeling understood and known, I feel that your appreciation of me is real and genuine ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu have sex with me every day. On one hand its so simple, you text me saying "want pants off". On the other its so complex. Its the building of a language, of an understanding, of desire. It takes communication and learning. And now I feel sexual towards you every day because of joint understandings of how we can express sexuality together in a mutually beneficial way ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu make sure plans are stress free. I really appreciate that you have a threshold at which you will stop a plan because it is too stressful or too much effort. Its nice for me because you apply it to me too, so I'm never stretched, encouraged to only do things that are easy for me and I feel looked after ❤️🍮
I'm wiggling my toes thinking about compliments for youuuuuuuuu. And it wiggling toes is something you have taught me. Maybe one day I'll bounce with excitement. You have an infectious joy of things in life and I'm so lucky to be around it ❤️
Youuuuuuu are forgiving of me and find a way to see me positively. I feel able to make mistakes with you, and that's so nice for me. I feel I have a bit of a balance between being emotionally present in moments of upset, but also know that you will treat me with reason and give thought about the situation in a way that will make sense to me ❤️
I feel so positive about future visions with youuuuuuu. I guess I'm thinking a lot (relatively...) about Canada, and regardless of what happens I feel good. I feel excited about moving to Canada to realise some shed, guinea pig, forest dreams, I feel excited about bonding from afar in the meantime, and I feel happy that we haven't become lazy in Oxford. What's so nice for me, is that I feel good about all our processes and communication, which allows me to feel good about bigger things ❤️
Youuuuuu are so cute. The impact of seeing you for the first time, thinking of you, hearing your voice, gets stronger and stronger and my gut skips with happiness. The impact is so wild of sitting down for compliment times. Just a split second: "okay... focus on pudding" and... "shit haha" immediate flooded with emotions feeling for you. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are such a good kisser. Haha, I'm sorry, I've said it before. But I'm excited to see you, and I want to kiss you. And I don't know how you do it but it feels unbelievable every time. We take our time, and kissies get proper attention.  ❤️
All interactions with youuuuuuuu make me feel puddly the next day. Phone calls, romantic evenings under the stars, a rainy walk along Botley road, planning the next story/camp/time. I am super puddly right now, feeling 💕and lucky and in love. What I really like is that this feeling is how I always feel. I don’t need a buzz and kissies. All interactions with you make me feel this way. And that feels so healthy and happy to me. ❤️ ‎<This message was edited>
Youuuuuuuu are deeply teammatey and supportive. I feel it in a deep way, underlying all interactions, all comments, all actions. It isn’t performed at all. And, that way, it feels so magical and I feel so lucky for it. And because it is in you deeply, it means that all interactions make me feel it, I know it’s there, and I can draw on it when needed. I know that if I make a call for some teammateyness, you’ll respond so well - not out of obligation or out of a reaction, just because you are inclined to be that person to me ❤️
Something I’m wanting to get better at is protecting your interests in situations like last night. What I really appreciate in these moments is youuuuuu are flexible to competing interests and kind if I get a calculation wrong - it means I am not overly stressed about anything and I’m so grateful for that. When I think of how you look after me in similar situations, carefully constructing occasions that I will be comfortable at, I feel so cared for and lucky. I think I’m still getting used to these moments where I really have to be the one to take control of a situation, and use that to make sure you have the comfiest, happiest time. I want to get so good at this and I feel grateful to be given the chances to try, fail, reflect ❤️
Time with youuuuuuuuu so feels like sinking into a pool of delight. I don't know why but the verb of sinking is so accurate. I fall into a new state, I'm submerged by new feelings, I'm surrounded and so happy about it. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have complimented me on things I feel so in agreement with. Its so nice to read a compliment and think "YES! I know! I fucking love that too!" About some kind of dynamic between us, its so satisfying and reassuring. I get different emotional reactions to the potato bags. The ones where you compliment something I appreciate too I feel hugged on the inside ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are so sensitive to hurting me. There are some things where someone's reaction is so visceral and immediate that it feels like it comes from some deep true place. And I feel this with your sensitivity to hurting me. I feel you are only capable of kindness and care towards me in a deep and true way ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu give me so much time and patience. I feel it today but it’s also a constant from you. Anything that has required a long conversation between us over weeks or months, you are willing for those conversations and you set a precedent that conversations can be had over time - and there is little or no consideration that it is too hard or too much effort to have those conversations. I remember you once saying “unresolved is okay”. I really appreciate this attitude to many of the longer conversations we have.
Youuuuuuu are so thoughtful for Rory-bear. The lick pad is such a nice idea and will make him a lot happier. I really like when I feel you be thoughtful for Rory the way you might for me. The thought process that goes from: anxious puppy, being left alone, would like some yummy food, to find a partial solution to those things is so kind. It reflects so nicely about your attitude to pet-care that you think of how to make him a comfortable little bunny. 
Youuuuuuuu so never want to punish me over things that matter. I don’t know if I’m wrong, but it feels a rare trait and something which I feel lucky for. I think you see things often through what is useful or not in a situation, combining that with being careful and caring, means that punishment won’t feel good or add any value and I don’t need to expect it.
It is easy for me to think of future scenarios with youuuuuuu because you make being in a banana with you so easy. I think one thing that would make it hard to picture future situations would be feeling like certain things are impossible without me resulting in feeling burnt out. But I think you wouldn’t ask something of me that’d lead to that. You’d find win wins with me, respect my welfare and my limits in the planning and in the implementation. It makes all visions feel comfortable because I expect it will be ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so easy to make see things from my perspective. I so rarely feel I have to explain myself twice, or convince you of what I’m thinking or feeling. You intuit so well what I’m trying to say I’m experiencing which makes it so satisfying for me to share with you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are beautifully cynical. Aspirationally so. I think you don’t see me as quite so cynical or critical of many systems and it always feels a bit jarring when you say that, given it is a self-identity of mine - the non-conformist who is anti-everything and especially anti-anything corporate. But I really like a) the challenge of this. I guess you see me as not that critical because I benefit from the systems so how can I be. That’s a nice challenge for me. And b) I really like the trait in you. It fits you well to be real, honest, and kind - and be disregarding anything that doesn’t allow for that. ❤️
One of the things that I do when thinking of compliments for youuuuuu is close my eyes and think of you. Then normally the first thing that comes to my mind will be the source of a compliment, it will reflect what I appreciate about you in that moment. Just then I closed my eyes to think of you and we were on a walk together, holding hands, in the forest by your house. There are lots of things that feel healthy and happy about this to me. The feeling was one of being together, equals, moving in the same direction. The activities are always wholesome, giggling, chatting, walking. And the emotions are such positivity. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are fulfilling in many different ways. One of which is that a night with you can be exhilaratingly fun. Monday and Tuesday this week were evenings that will go down for me as perfect evenings for the spirit of being in the moment, and savouring joy. We star watched, we cuddled, we laughed from our bellies, I felt relaxed and so happy. I have many of these memories with you and am grateful for them all ❤️
Youuuuuuuu have a very healthy personality trait where you don’t seek certain kinds of unproductive satisfaction. Be it punishment, or fake praise, or pity, or being the victim. And you are very healthy in the way you respond to it if I partake in those behaviours. You just sort of ignore it, as though it’s irrelevant. No indulgence, and I’m really grateful for this. It’s such a nice “just be honest and be yourself, it’s fine” ❤️
Youuuuuuuuur touch feels so amazing to me. Hand squeezes, head rubs, kisses, cuddles, hugs. Sitting next to you is so perfect. It feels like all touch is deeply considered, like you’ve thought about how every way you touch me will feel, perfected the pressure, the timing, and the execution. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu come up with amazing ideas. I spent some time today reading about blind dog puppy raising. It’s such a perfect situation to raise a little potato like this. But you do it so often with different suggestions for days together, for banana codes, for retirement plans. Your mind is amazing for so many reasons, I am grateful for its ability to think such perfect ideas for us ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu make money fun the same way the woman in the video made getting in a car fun. Things that are bought cheaply are celebrated and exciting, there are things worth saving money for - retirement, trips, sweaters; and things that are avoided for saving are replaced by something better. It feels like such a positive approach to spending or saving money. It’s nice because I think I associate with being stringent as an anxiety or a stress. And even if it is that for you, you don’t pass it on. It’s always framed positively. “Lol no expensive £15 mulled wine for us… and when we get home gonna cuddle you so hard and give you all the crack you could dream of”. It’s so nice for me that either way saving or spending, it feels good. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu naturally - or without feedback - strike a balance between giving and receiving. Just as often will you ask to treat me in some way as you’d like to be treated. All exchanges between us feel quite easily balanced, and part of that is how you will balance your desire to give or take. I don’t think it’s a huge effort for you either, you get so excited giving me things. It also doesn’t feel transactional to me in a way that I feel I need to immediately respond, or compete with you. It’s so nice for me because I feel a balance between us; I can indulge in the feelings of being treated; and I’m always within my limits of time and energy ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu teach me things all the time. "it’s okay to be drowsy, just don’t ask meaningful questions”. It’s quite nice because it feels like saying “it’s okay to be how you are, just lean into it and do what is comfortable. I think this is such nice feedback because it makes sense and I can see you do exactly that too. You can be sleepy with me or drowsy and the expectations for interaction is clearly set at the start. I’d never feel stressed or unattended to because it’d be clear what kind of interaction we might have and it’d feel so good to me. Something I know I need to work on is when maybe I’m not yet tired but I will be in 30 minutes, predicting and setting boundaries on the conversations up front. But I really like the idea of “being tired is okay, just lean into it”. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are responsible in decision making processes because you think deeply about the multiple impacts on everyone involved. From small decisions like what film to watch, to major life decisions. The immediate, long term, and secondary impacts are considered meaning that when you come to a decision there is no risk from thoughtlessness. Your mind works tirelessly in many ways that amazes me, this is definitely one of them. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu take responsibility by having ownership over things that you feel are in your control. Apologies from you are so amazing, I feel accepting immediately. Because you own it, understand it and are very honest about if you regret something. Similarly, if tasks are divided up, you own your task in a really nice way, and will make sure that no one else is dragged into it. It’s nice because I feel like I know well what is yours, what you will own, and can trust you to do it, be grateful and appreciative of you for it, and give you the space if you need it. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu have been so responsible in your treatment of me. You understand the potential risks in saying things, or partaking in certain behaviours. You think so big picture about what is good for either of us - and you act on it and communicate it. I feel I have learnt many things about bananas and human relationships from you, I remember once you said “I sometimes try to take a step back see how this banana is impacting your life and feel reassured when I see some things haven’t changed for you in how you live your life”. This kind of care over my overarching wellbeing and long-term life is such a deep kind of responsibility for being part of my life. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are a really good problem solver. I see it all the time, in finding wins and diagnosing problems. For me, I benefit in loads of ways. I benefit during moments of repair. I’m also grateful for all the ❤️💛🚨💙 ways to solve text communication needs. I appreciate that you find solutions - but also that you quickly move into that being the purpose of your energy. It always hits me in the heart when you quickly move from problem to solution between us. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu treat me so so so well. Sometimes you ask me this, playfully, but also I guess as a little check-in. And as I was walking yesterday being puddly about you, it was on my mind. It’s obviously fundamental and core to our banana. But you respect me, listen to me, give me patience and expect me to be nothing more than human. I feel deeply cared for and respected simultaneously, like what I say, and how you behave towards me matters a lot to you. This underpins all interactions and means I leave them feeling great about myself ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu are protective about things that are important between us. It could be swearing at eachother, or pants off situations, or time we spend together. I’m so grateful because I agree with it all and I don’t know that I’d have necessarily put in those boundaries without your guidance. I like the underlying value that there are things between us that are worth really caring for and ensuring they shine. I guess it is little ways to keep the banana nice and brightly yellow ❤️
Youuuuuuu are accepting of things in me which aren’t perfect for myself. I can tell you “I’m not committed to being the person to stand up to my sister in her best interests”, or I can have friendships which aren’t ideal, or hypocritical or unhealthy behaviours and you will accept them. I appreciate so much not being judged, being allowed to be imperfect, and feeling free to share that with you knowing that it’s okay. I think it’s one of the more important things that allows me to be myself around you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu would be the best person to live in a nice house with a beautiful view in because I think you’d protect the feeling of magic that comes with it. You’d avoid a situation where the house becomes normal and unworthy. Windows would be celebrated as new clouds pass by; sofas would be worshipped for the comfort they bring; fireplaces just as perfect each time they’re lit; and every time something is clean and tidy it’d be appreciated for how it makes you feel which you would do your best to protect by taking the time to acknowledge the joy of it. I think this about a robot vacuum, it’s obviously fun to give it a name and be playful with it - but the act of doing so means it will always be appreciated and never become a meaningless object - how can it? it’s call roofus... ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu make me feel special. I am so grateful for this mix I feel of comfortable and normal and relatable to you but also deeply special. I feel so lucky for this because it communicates an importance of me to you, it makes me buzz and flutter, and it makes me feel good about myself. I think you do it in lots of natural ways but I like so much when I feel you treat me in a way where I’m valued, protected, and worthy ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment...) pants of with youuuuuuuuu is thoughtful. All of our banana is open to consideration and thought. But maybe pants off feels extra special for being considered. It isn't sidelined as a physical meaningless act, it is treated with the same care as gifts or text communication or conflict or future planning. And I so love that about our pants off because it goes against suppressive cultures and makes it feel normal and important and a relationship between us ❤️🍮
I remember, I think a couple of times, maybe just once, youuuuuuuuu described the compliments as reassuring. I found it surprising at first, maybe because I felt it was obvious I could keep saying positive things about you. But now I also find it reassuring. Every day I feel a little reassured I am spending my time well, that I'm strongly connected to you, that my soul is connected to our banana and the process of making it shine. It's such a deeply wonderful thing for me to feel every day ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu take time to appreciate so much in life, be it naps, socks, windows. But i really like that you do it for your friends. You celebrate their peculiarities in a way which protects you from becoming bitter or gossipy. I feel many people I know solely talk negatively about their friends, people, family, because they want to get it off their chest, but I like so much that you take the energy and time to do the opposite. To celebrate and appreciate the things you love in your friends ❤️🍮
Something I appreciate about youuuuuuuu is how seriously you take any feedback I give you. I've never ever felt dismissed by you and I know that if I say "please don't mock my diet" you'll snap into a very serious reaction. It makes me feel important, its so open and undefensive of you, and it means win wins are easy to find ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu build up anticipation for things in such a nice way. I don’t really know how you do it because you combine the excitement over an extended period of time without an expectation about how something will happen. It means that we can start fantasising about Lithuania, or seeing eachother soon, or pants off, or second Christmas and I feel so confident that there could never be any disappointments for you. I don’t know I’ve ever known this in someone before and it’s so magical because it means there is actually zero pressure on days or moments together and then it’s pure magic and joy and bliss and comfort. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so good at letting animals’ have their will imposed on you. Pumpkin or Rory or the puddles, I so love watching you try to understand their wishes and allow or fulfil them. You’ll never steamroll an animal, you’ll respect that they might or might not like that. It is so respectful and kind and cute and makes me want to eat you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu balance a desire for praise with a need for integrity in a beautiful way. It’s so nice for me because praise makes you happy, but there is no way that fake praise would make you happy. Which means there is no expectation on me other than to be myself. I will never perform gratitude or praise or compliments for you, and you would never want me to. If you ever want me to “say something romantic” it’s easy. If you ever want to know if I liked a present, it’s easy. If you want to know if I like the food you gave me, it’s easy. All I have to do is be genuine and honest and not at all worry about saying the right thing, because the right thing is always what I really feel ❤️
Time passes with youuuuuuuuu so smoothly. There is a combination of an ease to our banana along with a lot of moments of growth which means that the time we have spent building it has felt quick to me. It feels healthy and happy that when I reflect on a year it feels like a lot was achieved but the time it was done felt quick. ❤️
Youuuuuu feel so so so good to see again after being away for a couple of weeks. I feel this beautiful mix of normalcy and joy spending time with you. I feel comfortable and familiar in your presence, and simultaneously excited and so happy to be with you. I think we have done quite well, for me, at when we’re apart we’re maintaining a sense of togetherness and consistency which makes seeing you again feel like the same purpose. Processes of seeing eachother are the same as the processes of being apart. The overall feeling is so wonderful because I get to experience the highs of being with you without the uncertainty of a reunion and a change of state ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu are so satisfying to talk to because processes of understanding are smooth and easy. I feel that I either understand you very well or can get to that point in a very satisfying way. I think we didn’t really finish a conversation which excited me yesterday on how we process things differently about people in our lives, but you crafted that conversation in such an interesting way that made me feel excited to understand where you come from. One of the best things is that asking you questions is always so rewarding and taken seriously by you that I’m never left guessing because I always feel I can just ask anything. It is so nice for me for banana questions, but also just everyday conversation. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu relinquish control of situations in a nice and easy way for me. There are certain things where you might want for me to just decide on - maybe a pants off position, maybe a Rory thing, maybe a logistic decision. But it’s done in a way that I feel very together with you. I always feel very supported by you in that moment. I think there are risks in that moment to feel pressured or blamed for a previous lack of leadership or like what I say will be wrong, but you do it at the right moments where the decision is easy for me, and there is no pressure on an outcome. I think I feel a deep respect from you in how you handle those moments because for me they are associated with moments where I will usually receive blame and punishment from other people ❤️
I feel that physical intimacy with youuuuuuuuu is purely just doing whatever feels good in the best way. If we feel restless, we change what we’re doing; if we’re sleepy we sleep; if an arm goes numb we change; if we want 10 more minutes we have them. I feel very very free when we’re cuddling or pretzeling. If I wanted to stop massaging you, I think I would have to, being encouraged to do something I didn’t want to do would I think ruin it for both of us because as it is, I feel I get to cuddle however I want and that allows a level of transcendent comfort. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu have the best way of celebrating others. I love when you describe a goat, or a stranger, or a bear’s quirks in ways that just make you excited and happy to be able to witness and bathe in. I think this trait would make you such a fun dog co-owner, co-friend, co-parent. As you celebrate the tiny curls, the sleeping positions, the growls, of a little sausage, bear or puddle, we’re connected to. I think you would never lose appreciation for their spirit in a really contagious way which feels natural and normal to you. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu say things when you mean them. You have proven that over and over to me - and often you are even the other way where you are extra careful about saying things when you think it’s something I want to hear. Something so nice about the christmassy love letters and compliments was I really felt like you’d only say something you wanted to say. It meant I could trust your words, feel your voice, and feel no guilt about coercing them. I so appreciate the moments you have avoided saying something for the sake of it, even if it is natural for you to not do that, it means your words mean so much more ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu are so nonjudgemental of me. I think a lot of my compliments boil down to feeling respected, I’ve started using the word “open” with how you treat me a lot because I feel like you’re never shutting down an idea, an expression, a feeling or desire I have. It’s so amazing because of how consistent it is. It is one of the key ingredients of me being able to feel most like myself around you ❤️ 
I am so grateful for youuuuuuuur banana philosophies because they’re all protective, considerate and reasonable to me. I wonder how you feel about my banana philosophies and how you experience them. My guess is it’s less satisfying for you, as my banana philosophies have been much less thought out and our dynamic is more of me learning and you sharing, I’m not sure, maybe that’s not true - and I also think about us being “on the same page” and how you might feel about that phrase now. But something I’m so grateful all the time when I’m thinking of you on a daily basis is how you view the pages, chapters, books, that we’re on. I don’t know there is much I disagree with you about bananas. At the heart is so many beautiful values of respect, and connection, and honesty, and realism. On a daily basis I feel that your banana philosophies are proven true and meaningful and wonderful by how happy I am about our banana. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu feel my equal and make me feel a respected partner by giving weight to my preferences. You accept a preference I voice and value that as important and real. I think it’s a bit of a superpower of yours and there have been moments that shocked me how quick you are to just accept something I say, when I might expect some defensiveness or questioning about my logic. At the bottom of it, it feels deeply respectful and trusting of my thoughts. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu feel my equal and make me feel a respected partner by making things about me which I think might be weird, seem normal. It could be being weird on a stag do, or how I feel during pants off, or my relationship with Rorybear. You embrace my behaviours, thoughts, feelings in such a naturally accepting way that I feel on the same level as you. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu feel my equal and make me feel a respected partner by allowing me to be unsure about things. I feel you really understand if I’m not sure about something I say to you. I’m allowed to learn, I’m allowed to change. It feels deeply respectful because it comes with no judgement for not knowing, and no expectations other than to be who I am. ❤️
I close my eyes to think of youuuuuuuu for compligobbles and I just smile. So many of the interactions we have, feelings I have for you, memories I have of you bring a smile to my face. There is a pure positivity to how I feel about what we do together which means a second taken to acknowledge it makes me feel pure bliss happiness ❤️ 
I close my eyes to think of youuuuuuuu for compligobbles and I feel you. I feel so lucky about the closeness I feel for you, that I can close my eyes and experience my connection with you. When I say I want to eat you, it’s because I love this feeling and I want it all. Of feeling so close to you, that you’re inside me - and all I need to do is pause and feel you. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu rationalise plans and logistics so nicely but what’s impressive to me is you can get on board with someone else’s rationality so quickly. I think if we disagreed over a plan and I explained my thinking you could immediately hop on and agree with my logic. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu feel unbelievable to spend time with. Remember when we time travelled on the sofa together? I feel I need a new word to describe spending time with you. I’m just deeply happy in your presence and leave feeling so grateful for it all. I float through time and space on a cloud of butter. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu make me feel so puddly so so often. I am sat here melted to pieces and I know I will wake up a complete melted tub of ice cream tomorrow. There are loads of things that do it to me; advent calendars, time spent together, giving you a good reflection/ compliment, staring at my jigsaw puzzle, hearing you laugh, seeing you smile… When I think of how consistently puddled I am, I think of you saying things like “this is just the start of me giving you affection”  and fell so so so lucky ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are rewarding to plan holidays with because you just want a lake to stare out a window at. I think I will enjoy holidays with you so so much because the holiday philosophy will be the same as the sex philosophy: do what feels good however feels good. no stress, no pressure, no expectations. Such a nice attitude ❤️
Something I thought of recently. As a child I would idolise having a pudding with whom I'd talk openly about everything and we'd discuss our banana together and indulge in understanding eachother. I feel with youuuuuuu that I'm often living some version of that dream which I'd either given up on or forgotten in adulthood
Youuuuuuuuuu are so easy to talk to because your prompts are always “give me yourself”. You are so perfectly consistent in rewarding me being myself and only ever asking for something more if you feel I’m holding something back. I’ve started taking this philosophy into other spaces in my life, opening up and just being slightly more free in conversation. I’m so grateful that you have been persistent and patient with this and feel so rewarded in how good it feels chatting to you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu have made me enjoy celebration days in ways I never have and a huge reason for that is the lack of pressure or expectations surrounding them. You have lots of ways you make this happen. Christmas is a period and a vibe rather than a day of ritual and expectation; everything is appreciated on celebration days from the tea we drink, to the blankets we sit under; everything is intentionally slow and easy and stress free. I so appreciate this attitude and want to reinforce it wherever I can ❤️ 
I am grateful from youuuuuuu a carefulness over wanting to change things about me. Could be appearance, behaviours, or beliefs. You are so careful to not even encourage me to act in a way that suits what you might like, unless it comes from within me. I am grateful because it makes it easy for me to be myself and feel appreciated regardless ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment…) I so appreciate from youuuuuuu “you normally have a question”. It feels very supportive because it is the case that I like to discuss pants off when cuddling after pants off. And you understood that immediately and have enabled and embraced it. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu find ways to bond over things I’d not have thought easy to bond over. You do it so consistently and so proactively and I’m so grateful for it. The story writing is beautiful because you have made it an act of relationship bonding. From the design, to how we interact over it, to the tasks; is all just bubbly and puddly and romantic and interesting. It makes me feel closer to you. And I think this is not a given but means that it has such a beautiful purpose to me ❤️
Something I really appreciate about youuuuuuu, is that I feel I can be as invested and excited in shared activities as I like. If I’m into something, I can get involved and give it my energy. But if I’m not, there is no pressure or stress from you. It’s so nice for me because it means that I give as much time and energy to shared activities as I feel I want to, and I have a sustainable relationship with what we do together ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu send electricity all through me when you kiss my hands. I feel like I’ve learnt with you how physical touching of my hands be it holding, or rubbing, or kissing, feels one of the most intimate things you can do. It feels like my self is being touched and that I’m being spoken to. And you are so good at touching me in ways that I feel like I’m being spoken to. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu match an energy I have for communication between us of memories, ideas, understandings. You can always have more romance, more compliments, more reflections because they feel beautiful, enjoyable, easy and worthwhile. Maybe I feel less good at the future communication between us. But I like that you try, ask for more, and match an energy and effort I would put into that communication ❤️
I feel so lucky to build a banana with youuuuuuuuu. The win wins, the patience, the bonding, the protectiveness. At the heart of it all, what is so nice for me is to feel that the banana is healthy to me. There are so many relationship dynamics which I would have a gut feeling of being unhealthy and I think I could have accepted in another situation as a necessary trade-off for affection or family or friendship. But the fundamentals of our banana feel healthy to me and that makes everything so much easier ❤️
Youuuuuuu understand that conversations need to be had over and over. There are some things that we recognise explicitly need to be discussed a lot - but then there are just things that happen to need to be repeated because maybe I don’t quite understand. What’s so nice is that you won’t assume that I understand you, you won’t get stressed if I don’t and I will feel able to say “something I never quite got is…” knowing that you’ll receive that as a positive interest rather than an attack or a distancing phrase. It’s so nice for me because I can be inquisitive about you or someone in your life with realistic expectations over understanding what is going on, it lets me be free in conversations to ask the questions I want to ❤️
Hugging youuuuuuuu feels so right. Like emotionally. Hugging feels like handholding, it is together and connected and teammatey. And it feels so right to hug youuuuuu. Our long hugs are always special to me ❤️
Youuuuuuu have solved celebration days for me. A mix of celebrating absolutely everything and doing only what you want to do is just perfect. You know those videos where a child unwraps an avocado and leaps with joy? Or a jar of pickles? I would always watch those and go… exactly! that’s how it should be! But you create just that. You do it every day, but celebrating things that people might consider ordinary or get used to, means that it is so easy to have celebration days because you just slightly amplify your excitement for a cucumber, or a hot drink, or a watching the telly. I think you create such healthy relationships with things by doing this. TV will always be treated with care, because it is just as precious as the berry tea, or the trip to Wales, or the chocolate Lindt ball with a love heart on it. It’s so nice for Christmas because it will be special, regardless of whether it’s patting a random dog’s belly in a park, cuddling in front of a window, or anything. I need to work out how to make sure we keep this for you. How I can embrace it the best. I feel the only thing that threatens it is other people, and I so want to make sure that I enact celebration days the same way as you. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu are so open to flourishing. Conversations are so exciting for you because there are usually 5 different avenues worth going down. We sometimes get lost in excitement about which question to ask or who to speak next and I love it. I want you to be over excited and interrupt me talking about how we’d deal with man bits injections, or I want to get excited asking you abut pilots when you want to talk about James’ sailing lessons. Because it’s all so open to exploring flourishing in life, and I feel we get to a point in conversations where we’re both quite excited naturally because of that. ❤️ 
One of the best things about the way youuuuuuu treat me is that you are never ever setting expectations over my mood or behaviours. I’m so entirely liberated to be who I want to in any given moment and you’ll never punish me for that. My mind is still ticking over some guilt things and it was as I cycled to you this morning. But what’s so nice for me is that I know for sure that I don’t need to worry. If there is something I want to feel, or share, or discuss I will be so allowed and accepted for that. And so my mind is at complete peace. I think most people in my life I’d be stressing “what if I feel a bit sad but the mood isn’t right for me to share” but I know that you will set no mood other than one which is open and reactive to wherever I am at. Then I never ever have to force anything. I don’t have to force sharing, or force hiding. I can just be myself ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so beautiful for how you talk about our banana. Openly, respectfully, with interest to understand and the effort to make it meaningful. I think what’s nice for me at the moment is feeling very secure in your interest in banana building with me makes me feel comfortable to talk openly about bananas. It’s one of the most important things for me in our banana is our ability to talk about it in ways that feels comfortable and close and cuddly. To leave those conversations, either feeling close and together, or to know that we haven’t and to acknowledge that and resolve it. When I think of futures with you, the main reason I have a positive outlook is because I think we can navigate changes in life situations, in shared activities, in perspectives through our communication. And you’re so beautiful for this because of the way you seek these conversations, react to them, and understand their purpose and importance ❤️
I feel I don’t know him as well as youuuuuuu. So harder for me to suggest things. But assuming he’s a four year old geezer, I would want to get him a toy I think. Maybe something you’d play with him if you’re there for a day… my mind goes tooooo: 
When I think of future situations with youuuuuuuu, I feel pure happiness. I feel no negative emotions of anxiety, distress, or concern.  Maybe sometimes I’m too positive about banana things, and it feels disconcerting to you. But if I think about what might happen in three years time… I just feel so great because I’m feeling what happened in all those three years. Three years of doing things, of sharing learning growing, of bonding over piggies or stories or friends, of affection and care, of giggles and sofa chats, and one or two presents ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel so relaxed. When I puddle over you, it’s beautiful because I feel happy and grateful and lucky. But one of the main feelings is of being so deeply relaxed. And you make me relaxed in so many ways. Relating to you is so easy, you seek, create and value stressless environments, you accept negativity, and you are often relaxed yourself in my company ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu fold sex into our interactions in a beautiful way. I really feel like I have sex with you every day because every day you might text me to grab my man bits, or ask me about pants off, or ask for a pants off compliment. I really really like this because it keeps pants off part of our relationship rather than something which is reserved for bedtime or specific spaces. Maybe we have spent pants on time together and we have a passionate kiss. I just like it a lot because it means pants off is always happening and adds to no pressure, comfy dynamic where sex is normal and something we do however we want. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu would be a perfect guinea pig co-parent because you would celebrate the shit out of them. I’d constantly get reminded of the awe of their personality, their behaviours and their looks. I think looking after Rory, I learnt a little that owning an animal would only feel good if you’re confident that you’re giving the animal the best time they could ever have. I think you’d share that sense in a nice way too. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so bloody kind to me. I feel so well treated by you. There are so many things that stand out. One thing I like is that I’m almost never punished for minor behaviours. You never react to me in a negative way on a regular basis. It feels part of your protectiveness but it’s amazing. It helps me feel very relaxed and comfy around you. And adds to a sense that you are supporting me to be myself. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu use texting very well. We text a lot, and I sometimes wonder what that does to our banana, and how it might have been for us before texting was a thing. But what I like about your texting is that it feels very human. You use it for everything you might do in real life. You can play, or pants off, or reflect, or ask. It’s not like texting is this one world, and then together we behave very differently. There are things I like not to be texted because I want the full body-language and voice tone to understand everything about them and it feels important that it isn’t just typed words. But for what we do type, I appreciate that your spirit is the same ❤️
Youuuuuuuu have the best cutest cheekiest grin when you’ve made me laugh. Sometimes it comes before, you think of something you know will make me laugh and you just smile ready for it. Sometimes it comes after when you’re enjoying me laughing at something you said off the cuff and you look so happy about what just happened. I like it so much because it feels together and bonding that you enjoy making me laugh and either making yourself laugh too, or just enjoying the moment. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are good at communicating when there are conversations that stress you out, that you don’t want to have, or if we are talking in ways you feel aren’t productive. My gut reaction is sometimes a little hesitant because I’m worried maybe what I want to say or ask becomes a little harder or ignored. But what I really like is that you take the responsibility for managing this. One of the aspects of ‘boundaries’ that I really like is that the responsibility is placed on you to manage aspects of the relationship that might not be healthy for you. And so when it comes to spending time together, or how we interact, when you’ve been good at saying no, I really like that it means I never get blamed for the unhealthy dynamic. And maybe somethings need both of us to buy into them, but having the ability to set a boundary is nice for me because it avoids blaming. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu vary your smooches in a really satisfying way. In any time we spend together, I will always get some little kissies, some big fat kissies, some cheek kisses, some juicy kisses. I really really like the mix and each of them feels better for the fact that they are different from each other ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are such good gift giver. I have loved every present you bought me because of what they symbolise or make me feel. I’m staring at a christmas candle but it means so much. It means comfort and teammateyness it feels warm and like a big hug throughout the winter. I feel these things require active effort on my part. I think I left and neglected my head massager at your flat. I want to have it to impose some feelings and meanings onto it. ❤️ 
Processes with youuuuuuu are enjoyable. What makes me feel good about children or pigs or visiting in Canada or building a double shed with connecting pig door, is many things, but one is that the process of deciding, of actioning, of dividing is always easy and fun. You have a really nice way of having opinions but then immediately dropping them if I suggest an alternative plan. It makes it very easy and smooth for ideas to then become action ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu fold serious questions into our daily interactions just as you do sex. If you were to ask me if I want children, or what my least favourite thing about you is, you would just ask as part of every day interactions. You wouldn’t build them up to some major moment which applies pressure on my to answer. It’s a really nice way to have time to reflect on important things between us consistently, without pressure ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment) Youuuuuuuu are good at communicating what you like during pants off. You are good both because it’s quite clear what is nice, and also because the process of talking about it is fun and arousing. I always finish pants off discussions with youuuuuuu aroused. And that’s so nice because it is a consequence of how nice pants off with you feels ❤️
One thing that feels remarkable to me about spending time with youuuuuuu is the level of comfort I feel. This has been most obvious sleeping with you. Sleeping like a potato next to you and waking up all roll and grabby is perfectly natural but that’s not just me nor how I’ve always been, that’s because I’m comfortable with you. You’ve always made me feel that way and it’s so nice for me. ❤️
I really appreciate about youuuuuuuuu that you react in measured ways to me. I feel this mostly in feedback you give me about appearance or behaviours where you are very careful not to judge or express strong opinions. I really appreciate this and think its healthy and makes it easy for me to keep a healthy sense of self. I think I am susceptible to seeking approval and whilst I want to take responsibility for that and control myself in our dynamic, it also does help that you don't feed into that behaviour with strong feedback either positive or negative. An example I was thinking of last night was that I love so so so much that compliments are almost always received the same way. You might comment on the last compliment a little but otherwise very little reaction. This is so so nice for me because it means I'm not in a cycle of trying to get a different reaction from you. Nor am I doing compliments because of the feedback I get. What I like is that if I need some encouragement I can ask "did you like that compliment" and I will get it. But I think this is the healthiest and perfect dynamic. Its also just one example of many different interactions where I feel healthy in my role because you react to me in careful or measured ways ❤️
I appreciate that youuuuuuuuuu help me in my boundary setting processes. I want to get better and firmer communicating and setting boundaries, and I appreciate that we acknowledged this quite early in our interactions. But what I appreciate in the meantime is that you do the labour of reading into my hesitations or hidden preferences. Ultimately I don't know that its the perfect solution, which would be me being clearer about what my preferences. But for now, I guess you are picking up some slack and making it easy for me. So I'm grateful that you can ask for bedtime compliments, I can hesitate, and you can help the process of setting expectations based on my indirect communication ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so damn gobblable for lots of reasons. Oneeeee that I'm appreciating now is that it is just as satisfying to see the world the same as you as it is to explore or accept differences. You have a nice balance of being able to accept a different opinion I hold, also being able to explore it and stating your difference. Sometimes its extra satisfying to see the world the same way but I never ever feel  pressured to do that. It means that when we see a playground on new walkies, we can celebrate our value of them or explore why they're awful, it doesn't matter, either way it'll taste beautiful ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu a so much fun to sit on the phone with because the conversation flows so nicely. There may be a discussion of what’s on our minds, then a pause and some schmooootchies, then something giggly, but it all flows in such a nice way. It feels a lot like pants off where we are just doing whatever feels nicest and it all feels amazing ❤️ 
I so appreciate youuuuuuuuur perspective that we should work to avoid banter or attitudes between us that are mocking or disrespecting. Maintaining that protections is so important I think to avoid slipping into patterns of thinking which aren’t full of awe for each other ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu let me interrupt you in conversations in a very immediate way. You’ll often just go completely silent immediately. It feels really nice because it feels that you care deeply what I want to say and are quite excited that I wanted to speak ❤️
I think of youuuuuuuuu as clever in your humour. You make me laugh so often and so much. And I feel awe when you do it. And I think part of it that is your brain working quicker, in ways I couldn't predict, and in ways that shows you understand me. And that feels deeply smart. ❤️🍮
I think of youuuuuuu as clever in your reflections and reflective processes. The way your mind works on things in its subconscious, the depth of thought you might have about features of life that matter to you and how you acquire that knowledge all feels deeply clever. And I so so regularly think of how lucky I am to benefit from these wisdoms, as I was doing just this morning walking to my flat. ❤️🍮
I think of youuuuuuu as clever in common sense. I think your experiences in life mean that you have a sense of how things work practically in lots of settings. And you process things in logical ways that means you often come to a conclusion which feels high in common sense. ❤️🍮
I feel so safe around youuuuuuu. I say this a lot but it’s the biggest compliment, that I feel more myself than ever when I’m with you and big picture with you part of my life. It feels like deep friendship to feel safe around someone. And I’m so so grateful that I have that in you ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so fun to be silly with. Giggling with you is so easy to achieve and so much fun. I like the moments where we have no purpose other than giggling with each other. It feels healthy and free and connecting. You know those hippies that do laughing therapy? If it’s a tenth of what I feel giggling with you, they’re on to something. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu would be fun to go on a holiday with for the slow time you’d want to spend. Staring at a lake and appreciating things you normally have on a daily basis would be the best time. Sitting on some steps with you at Gloucester green made me think it’d be nice to sit on some steps next to you at the beginning of a holiday day. Just look at a square with that being the purpose. Perfect. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are fun to think about a future with because you think meticulously about ways to avoid stress or negative versions of existence. You have quite a nice reaction to if something will be stressful and stressful in a way that is difficult to resolve, you avoid it or rework the idea into something new. You also extend that to me. It means that our future visions are protected as beautiful worlds we can achieve in feasible ways ❤️
Youuuuuuu don’t make decisions lightly. It’s such a nice skill because I think you value doing the preparation to make sure that you don’t act in a rash way that results in something negative for you. And it’s so nice for me because important decisions between us will be worked out or at least discussed in an honest way about the potential negative impacts. Then, what’s nice too is that any decisions made feel more powerful, more considered and more intentional. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu have introduced me to many little bits of communication that I like and use with other people in my life. I am cuter with my words than I used to be, will respond via text with “mmmmm” or describe situations as such. It’s probably a small thing, but I think it reflects a level of inspiration to be to other people, what you are to me in conversation. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu have made me feel very secure and comfortable with who we are to each other. You being in New York has made me think about the last time you were there. I remember lots of interactions feeling very different and I think a lot of it was a level of insecurity about our banana. I remember feeling stressed about communication whilst you stayed with the Goose, because maybe your tone changed as you were busy or highly stimulated - I remember asking you to please send affectionate texts at night and in the morning. This time some similar things might happen and they will feel much more comfortable because I am really secure in how you think of me. ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment… could be a bit weird…) youuuuuu are so skilled at playing with my manbits. If I’m playing with my man bits, I will always think of how you do it because it feels much much better. ❤️
Youuuuuuu do fantasy so well. I so love your ability to build fantasies which may become a reality or may not but just to enjoy that. Its so nice for me because I get an easy playful way to imagine futures with you. I sometimes hesitate telling you fantasies because it feels maybe like I'm making assumptions about your future, or maybe its something I'm not allowed to play with on my own. But then thats kinda the point. You are so good at putting out a fantasy and letting me play with it. And I love every shed, pig, holiday we've fantasised over ❤️
I really like when youuuuuuuu call yourself pudding. Because for that moment it feels like you see yourself how I see you. And it feels so joyous to hear you embrace that positivity ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are just so easy to interact with on a daily basis. Its remarkable to me and I think about it all the time. We are in constant conversation and have this banana which requires lots of soul hugging and physical hugging and understanding and care and patience and everything with so much depth and importance. And yet it all feels so easy. You are so good at not punishing me, you are so good at accepting me, you are so good at going with the flow of mood and pace that it all just becomes so easy feeling. I'm so grateful for it because it means I can be and I can relax ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu know me in ways that make me feel hugged. Whenever you comment on me, what I might do in a new situation, something you expect me to say or do or like or feel, I always feel so nicely known. It’s a mix of reflecting how I see about myself and positive, celebrating and encouraging. Maybe it’s a little needy or ego-y of me to like it but what I like the most is the way you do it always feels like such a cuddle ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuuu are nice to talk to when we are in different situations because you respond so well to anything I say. My normal conversation habits are just to ask questions, constantly, until asked one back… and even then. But what’s nice about you is that you really reward just speaking anything on my mind. So I am getting into habits of just sharing whatever I want to. The compliments have always been nice for that, but I feel it strongly in phone calls when we are living apart. It feels nice because I feel free to share and also to shape the conversation in ways I want to. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu have a really nice realistic expectation of people. I think it’s easy to slip into feeling that yourself or others should be behaving in ways that isn’t feasible given the constraints of life. But I never feel this from you. Maybe you apply it to yourself, I’d be interested to know what you thought, whether you felt like you set yourself unrealistic expectations. But for me, it’s so nice that I never feel like I let you down, or like I need to do something more or better to meet your expectations. It’s so important because it means that our dynamic feels easy to me. Which I think is important for so much of what I feel ❤️
Youuuuuuuu apply so little pressure on me in so many ways. I think a lot of the liberation I feel in our interactions stems from very early on you saying "this approval seeking behaviour of yours will be an issue". I think about that a lot. I think it was deeply clever from you to see it. And also very teammatey for you to frame it in a way that we need to find a win win in how to navigate a potential for me to bend myself however you want and what thatd mean for both of us. And because of those conversations I feel a strong encouragement from you to behave how I want to with integrity to how I feel, especially when I think it might go against what you want. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuuu wrote the best compliments over christmassy christmas period. Its a bit weird but I really like that they're there and exist physically. It feels like a well I can dip into whenever I want. And I feel their presence in my flat a lot. Not in a cute and happy gwenda way but in a soul hug expression of love way. Truthfully I don't reread them often, I think because I don't feel the emotional need. But I like that I could and appreciate a lot their presence in my life ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu treat parts of my body so nicely. You might celebrate something like a belly button or a squidgy bit but I never feel conscious of it, or objectified. And if something isn't so comfy for you to play with, I can communicate that softly and you will be very sensitive to that. I think it isn't a given and I could easily feel bad or awkward with someone playing with the more satisfying lumps on my body. But you're very careful, and celebratory and cuddly when you do it ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuuu always make me feel normal about myself. Anything I share with you is accepted in an unsurprised way. Good or bad, it won’t be dramatised or even mentioned how weird I am. This helps me feel comfortable and friended by you so much. I can tell you exactly what my head is thinking or what I’m doing and you’ll accept it with or without curiosity but always with acceptance. I think that’s only something I feel with my closest friends. Either people don’t know me and react strongly to what I say, or people know me, aren’t surprised by me, but maybe mock of judge the behaviours they know. But then a few people in my life are like you. They aren’t surprised but they’re always happy and accepting. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu have a nice sense of what matters that trickles into decisions and beliefs in a way I really appreciate. I was thinking of a compliment around your approach to food because my mind is spending energy trying to focus on losing weight right now. And what I like is that underlying any belief or behaviour is going to be some priority of something that feels good to me. Maybe it will be different from my own. But I will like it and respect it. I don't think you hold an opinion I don't respect. Then it makes all discussions and relating easy because I can start from a position of trust ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu have been surprised in the past when I've called you tough or resilient, I think because of feedback you've had from other people. But I think this about you in a positive way. You have a nice balance between wanting to make sure things are stress free and comfortable for yourself and also just getting on with something that is uncomfortable but you've concluded thats how it has to be. Its nice because you get things done that aren't pleasant and because you don't burden others through some form of overcomplaining ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu build dynamics between us where you avoid pity. I think I have a social habit of giving people pity when they describe something negatively but you never react well to this. Maybe I'll learn slowly around this. I think you are seeking emotional labour of a certain kind and maybe I'm just not giving you what you want. But I think what I like is the feedback of not pitying you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so sensitive to me. I have thought a few times about moments you’ve said “your body language screams…” and I think it reflects how much you are attentive to me and care about me. I feel very lucky in these moments because you open up a moment for me to explain how I’m feeling or thinking. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so good at setting the bounds of an interaction before we spend time together. Thinking about how to balance a situation tomorrow where I want to spend time with you but might also be sick. I feel like I’d never know how to control that situation because I wouldn’t be able to predict how it would go in advance. Then I think of moments you’ve been ill or stressed or tired and you are so good at protecting the time we spend together and setting expectations for some time we spend together in a way that will be a win-win for both of us ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are the best to spend time with where the only purpose is to be with each other. Sitting in a sofa together, or being in an airport together, where we have all the time in the world is the best time. I feel so free in these moments. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu have such a nice way of understanding behaviours. Could be a goose, or a banana, or a fluffy thing. I always feel close to you when you describe how you understand different behaviours in this world ❤️
I so regularly experience new things that are remarkable in how comfortable youuuuuuuuuu make me feel. Yesterday being sick and able to so comfortably navigate mental limitations and physical needs whilst feeling so relaxed. I was thinking the other day about people maybe drinking at home with the people they live with. And I was thinking that the reason that I wouldn’t drink on my own in a flat is that I’m already relaxed and everything nice and loose. Whereas I think drinking would be a way if I was living with someone to relax in a way I couldn’t easily in their presence. But the evenings we spend together are the most relaxed I feel in a given week, and I felt that strongly yesterday ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu are so satisfying to come to shared understandings with - or to understand different perspectives over something. I often think back over the moments where we have tried to define something important to each of us as among the most fulfilling things we have done. And I so love that I can look back at those conversations in that way. Not as stressful or painful, but as a rewarding and kind and equal process. It makes me excited to keep defining things with you that are ongoing definitions or still undefined. Marriage, banana, love, friendship. I guess it is a really core part of relationship building and I feel so lucky that I can feel excited about those conversations ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuuu have a nice understanding of what is important to me in how you treat me. What I like is that I basically never receive an apology from you that I think is unwarranted. I don’t have to spend energy reassuring you that it’s okay. And the reason that feels good is because I feel that you know what matters to me. I think you would match my energy in reacting to mistakes according to whether they are important to me and that’s so nice. Because I feel known and seen and understood. That moment when a friend is overly apologetic because they were late or lost your book or forgot to reply to your text which you really don’t care about makes me feel very unknown. And I really like these dynamics with you. I think a lot of it comes from how much effort you put into really understanding my preferences and this is just one way it shows ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu don’t know how nice the potato thing is for me. Youuuuuuuuuu something fondly which encapsulates all of my friendship and emotional skills means that I get a hug to the heart every time you say it. Because you have used it not just as a pet name but also to describe my nature, it means I feel so appreciated by you all the time ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so easy to explain things to. I feel this a lot but one instance is when I’m busy and trying to communicate something that I know it will stress me to take a lot of time over. Because then I will say something, you will get it as always, then I realise how nice this ability to explain myself to you is. It makes life so much easier in lots of situations. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu build sexual currency in ways which are deeply yours and feel like pudding. When I read about this in the sex book, I pictured Hollywood forms of flirting. But the way you do it is so pudding, laden with cuddliness, some humour, lots of personality. It means I feel your spirit come through in this thing which I thought would be objectifying and cheesy ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuuuu are so nice to be around. My favourite thing about spending time with you is that I get to be around you. I like that our time together is protected and carefully considered. But I also like the moments where we have no plan or script because my mind is then only focusing on what its like to be in your company ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are easy for me to navigate moments where I want seriousness. You are sensitive to how I react to you in all situations. And this means that if you ever make a joke and I’m not in the mood, you notice it immediately and give me a chance to share why. The way you are attentive to me in this way, means I never get frustrated in an interaction, or feel like I’m not being heard. Because I feel like you’re always carefully focused on my reaction and emotions ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu can make a joke about telling me to be quiet when I cough because of how carefully you treat me. It’s a really funny joke because there is absolutely no way you would risk speaking like that to me in any context. It’s not a joke that’s kinda true, it’s a joke that is so absurd for how it’d never happen ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment…) youuuuuuuuu have always been good at communicating that you enjoy our sex. The strength underlying so many of our dynamics is, for me, a trust in our ability to communicate clearly with each other. One nice thing about this for pants off is that you can tell me simply that you had a nice time and I’ll feel it. I remember the first time you said this, something like “zero complaints”, it was so reassuring instantly. It’s so nice for me that I can ask a question, hear your response and feel it totally ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are the kind of pie for whom I feel calm about relationship building because I know I can share how I feel and you will absorb it with kindness and care. I guess my mind is reflecting on Canada a little this morning and adjusting to that fantasy going and what might replace it. What makes me feel really assured is that whatever replaces it, we will handle in the same way. With communication, care, intention and openness to each other. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu are the kind of pie who understands my value. I feel fully appreciated by you and I think a lot of that is you have a clear picture of what it is you value in me. Comments like “this is why you’re a good friend” or “your special gift of potatoyness includes your friendship traits” are so nice for me because I leave feeling like you have considered what it is about me that you value ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are the kind of pie that doesn’t act disappointed. I so rarely feel that I have let you down and if there is a moment you want something from me I don’t give then you don’t punish me for it either. It’s s nice for me because it allows me to be myself and to be selfish and to impose myself on decisions that matter ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so exciting to spend a day out with for so many reasons. One reason is that every time I spend time with you I get into a headspace where I’m so present. I have never spent time with you and thought “I wonder if I’ll watch/ eat/ do this when I get home”. I’ve never count down the time; never even noticed it. I will always need you to set an alarm when I spend time with you because my mind is lost in such a happy place ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu always leave me feeling so lucky to have spent time with you. Your ability to savour whatever is put in front of you is so infectious and rubs off on me. And means I leave feeling so lucky. To have received shoulder kisses, to have giggled, to have sat under blankets next to you, to have heard you talk about the intimacy of a marriage between us. Evenings after spending time with you are so fuzzy and gooey ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so amazing for mixing strong excitement for things with complete ability to change plan according to my desires without hesitation or sadness. It makes spending time with you so easy because you will be very excited whatever we do, and that will never be something I don’t want. Because as soon as I have a preference, that is taken seriously without any sense of difficulty ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so complimentary about me. Hearing you talk about me is one of my very very favourite things. I always feel so deeply complimented and also so known. I never feel like you’re describing someone else, nor do I feel offended. I just get a sense of seeing such positive ways in which you see me, your potatoooo ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so nice to spend time with because I always leave thinking “ahhhh that’s better isn’t it?” I always get what I want out of time we spend together and leave feeling fulfilled. Yesterday, I think I felt maybe we had spent a lot of sofa time recently, and I wanted to connect with you in a way that was more pro-active. Which can be achieved on a sofa, but in a slightly sick state felt less likely. But I got everything I could have asked for and more. I got very many giggles. Discussions about family, marriage, people, society. And a sense of doing something together. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu have such nice philosophies. One I like is that knowing yourself is the key to many aspects of relationships. What’s nice about it is that it is kind on the other person whilst focusing your energy on your own flourishing. That protects your own wellbeing whilst taking the pressure off them to make you happy. Maybe moving to Canada would have involved lot’s of phone calls and misery for a few months. But by knowing that, you make it so nice for me by setting expectations, doing what you can to limit it, and communicating what is the issue. And overall, it becomes so much easier for me ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are easy to talk to because you are encouraging of me throwing any topic at you. It isn’t that you will talk about any topic at length. But you will encourage anything that comes out of my mouth at first. I never feel like you are trying to get out of a conversation or like I’m boring you. The way that a conversation might end from a topic you aren’t excited by never feels like rejection. Which means that I never feel like I’m being trained into discussing particular topics. ❤️
How nice we are planning a trip, I really like spending time with youuuuuuuu, and when I look at youuuuuu or your nighty photo I get a flutter and I want to eattttt your faceeeee offff and grab you and cuddle you and give you nice things
And now that I admitted my two lies to youuuu, I will know to never lie again and I can’t see that I’d want to or need to do anything any time soon thatd get me to lie
(Bonus sex compliment…) sex reveals in youuuuuuuu good attitudes in how you treat and think of meeee. You’re always so careful not to hurt me, so thoughtful about my comfort, kind and purposeful in communication. Sex with you is such a good time because of the attitudes you have towards my well-being. ❤️
(Bonus bonus sex compliment…) what’s so nice about pants off with youuuuuuu is the headspace I’m in. I can’t picture pants off becoming boring because cuddling gets me in such a nice mood that everything feels so smooth and comfortable. I have basically no other thoughts other than “this feels so nice” until we’re drawing graphs with eachother ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu appreciate and elevate having a banana where communication about the banana is how we bond and reflect and grow. Sticking all my compliments into my book made me think about why I like it so much. I really like being in love with you and feeling melted by all my gifts which are reminders of you. But what I really like about the book is that it sort of represents this thing we do of reflecting about and with each other. The book means so much because it is a conversation between us, both in grand and immediate ways ❤️
What’s really nice about the way youuuuuuuuu ask for attention is that if I don’t give it to you, I’m never punished for this. It means I don’t feel like I have to do much work setting expectations. I can just be myself and not worry too much about it. And maybe it’s nice to set expectations anyway, and that’d be the fairest thing to do. But if I’m caught unawares, it’s not a big issue and that’s really nice for me ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu can harness excitement within yourself in an amazing way. It’s definitely one of your superpowers. It always surprises me when you use to harness an excitement for something which I might like. It could be watching football in a pub, or chess, or snooker. Maybe it’s short-term excitement or not that deep, but I really like it because it makes me feel validated for liking the things I do, and it allows me to share them with you without feeling guilty or overthinking how good of a time you are having ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are easy to change a conversation with. One of the traits in you I compliment a lot is how you react to me with so much openness. And one way I get to experience this is when changing or ending conversation. If we’re talking and I want to change the conversation I can just do it and you’ll always go with the flow. It’s one way talking to you is nice because I know we’re always able to shift into new conversations when desired ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu have such a nice philosophy of bananas. One of the things I always feel luckiest for is how you understand relationships. I guess it’s fundamental to wanting to build a banana with you. Like how you might judge whether you want to own a guinea pig with me based on how I treat guinea pigs. But whenever you describe our banana or someone else’s, it always makes sense to me and feels good. If I think of moments we’ve negotiated our banana, I get a deep sense of gratitude of what you value in bananas. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so kind to me. If I think of all the ways you treat me, one of the most fundamental things I’m grateful for is that underlying it all is a deep kindness to me. I feel you sympathising with me and understanding me in many situations which means you treat me with care and softness ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so amazing for making me feel normal. I know I say this compliment a lot but you just never react surprised to me and it’s amazing. I could really tell you anything about me and you’d never react shocked, or grossed, or judgemental. I think you are the only person in my life so much life this. It makes me feel so good around you, I’m so ultimately validated by you. ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment…) Pants offf with youuuuuuu feels so balanced in terms of the power between us. I feel like you respect me during pants off in such a nice way. It doesn’t matter who is receiving pleasure or what is happening, you treat me the same which is respectful and normal ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so easy to be around in social settings. I’m always laughing or smiling or relaxed around you. When youuuuu said come and sit with me, at the end, I felt my whole body relax, like sitting with you is the most normal thing in the world and like where I’m supposed to be ❤️
Youuuuuuuu celebrate my personality in such genuine ways. I feel so validated around you not because of words of affirmations or you agreeing with me. Just a natural sense that you appreciate me for who I am ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so nice for having a reasonable and mature approach to banana negotiations. I feel we can discuss our banana in such an easy way because as long as there are basic friendship principles applied, the rest has openness and ease of communication ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu so rarely misunderstand me. It makes talking to you so much easier and makes me feel known more broadly that I can so easily communicate how I feel to you without needing to repeat or correct a misunderstanding ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu aren't afraid to say many things to me. I guess the heart of a communicative banana requires that there aren't topics or issues that are off the table because we're scared how the other person will react. I think you're good at this with most things and I really like it ❤️🍮
I always enjoy the time I spend with youuuuuuuuu. Whats nice for me is I have a very natural sense of when I want to stop an interaction between us. I'm never there out of charity or duty or a sense that I ought to spend time with you. I'm there because I like it, and then, when I get too tired or need to be alone, it is a natural feeling for me to end time we are spending ❤️🍮
Spending time with youuuuuuu is so nice because it can go in any different direction and I will have a great time. One of the things I feel spending time with you is that as long as there is an opportunity for us to interact with freedom, any way we spend time will be amazing to me. I just feel that put us in any conditions or situations and I will feel great with you - as long as we are free to be ourselves ❤️ 
Staying in love with youuuuuuu is so easy. I get quality time with you on a daily basis where I get to consume my pudding, I get constant reminders of your affection, and I get moments of reflection with you to bond and share over. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so so so satisfying to slip into these interactions where it could never end other than for physical limits. I know that we have some conversational aspects we are working on, but one thing I feel very grateful for and want to celebrate is how often I feel like I’m having such a nice time talking with you and that this feeling doesn’t peak and trough - it’s just a constant high. These moments are so magical and we achieve them often. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so generous with your attention. So many of our interactions I walk away feeling lucky for them. But at the heart of that is you being so attentive to me and what I want. I feel you’re so aware of me in our interactions and engaged in how I am being and what I am saying both with my words or without. ❤️ 
I feel so lucky to have banana with youuuuuuu that we talk about, try to understand and try to understand how we feel towards. You might often reply to this compliment that I drive these conversations, but I feel you often lead many of them, and create opportunities for them, and set the principles of being honest about how you feel about the banana. One of the reasons I don’t know I’m fully understanding the glue concept is that, I think the way I see it, is that communication and practices of sharing and listening about the banana are key to a nicely glued bananapops. And so every time you text me that you don’t know we have superglue, or ‘what’s the worst thing about dating me’, or that you sometimes wake up and feel like it’s all a bit random - I feel so lucky, to share a banana with someone who talks about it with me ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu have no idea how purely positive I feel about you. Anything that reminds me of you makes me feel so purely positive. The feeling might differ in the moment in terms of intensity or what I think about, but the positivity is so uncomplicated and so pure. When I wake up and think of you, I feel great, when I see a head massager in the shower, when I see you for the first time, when I wave goodbye. If I was swimming with fishies I’d be telling them of you in a way which is so cuddly and warm. ❤️
Spending time with youuuuuu rejuvenates me. I woke up feeling so recovered on Sunday. I so like this, that I can spend time with you and feel more energetic for that time. Of course there is goo and puddle running through my veins that makes me feel all happy, but I’m also just so revived from how relaxed I feel with you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so so so satisfying to romantic with. You are so good at affection that romance is ever present and can be tapped into so wonderfully. “Say something romantic to me” is going to be impossible in so so many situations but I have never found it at all difficult. A feature of your romance that is so satisfying to me is that it is never predictable for me. I will never know what you’re about to say, suggest, give me. Then it always hits me hard. Particularly with words - the words you write or say are always so powerful to me. The fact you can make me cry so often is so amazing. That you can access that level of romance and meaning is so beautiful for me ❤️ 
I think of youuuuuuu as very very reasonable. The moment that makes me think this the most is when there are times I will say something and you will immediately change your opinion or understanding. You do this so naturally sometimes when I’m not expecting it, and I think what it shows in you is a high openness to reason over prior belief ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so nice to get feedback from. I can ask for feedback and I will receive it. It will be honest and given without a sense that it burdens you. Something I so so appreciate is that you seem to love the questions I ask you. You respond so well to them, maybe ask for more. It means that I really really never have to build up worry or concern about something I think you're thinking. I can just ask. ❤️
Youuuuuuu are so good at creating daily forms of warmth and goo and puddle in me. There are always kissies and affection and compliments and presents all around me and then BAM “Let’s go on a special day together” orrr BAM “I’ve wondered if your man bits would like this” orrrr BAM “let’s be romantic”. You create such a nice mix for me of regular affectionate interactions and interactions that I couldn’t predict. It means I get such a nice mix of calm and deep familiarity with funny or exciting or heart-gripping ❤️
I really like seeing myself through youuuuuuur eyes. I feel like I get to hear what the fishies would hear when I ask you about me. I like it because it is bonding and cuddly. But I also like it for a few other reasons. I like that I don’t receive adulation. I feel like the way you describe me is accurate to some reality of me that you know. I also like this moment I get to reflect on something in me which is being mirrored back to me. This feels quite powerful in the big picture. To be able to reflect on myself through hearing how you see me. I always leave these conversations feel warm and hugged by you, seen by you, and happy about who I am ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu are so deeply appreciative. Something that is so nice for me about times when I want to give you something, be it time or attention or affection or presents, is that I know whatever I want to give you, you will appreciate for what it is. Something I so so like, is that if I ever ask you if you like something "did you like your compliments today?"... you respond with something like "of course". Its so nice for me, this response. Because it is deeply reassuring and makes me feel that you would appreciate anything I say to you. It isn't treated as conditional on what I do and that makes it so nice for me to do things I want to be nice for you ❤️🍮
I always (!) feel lucky and positive in interactions with youuuuuuu. I sometimes give these compliments which are like "there is an absence of bad" and I prefer a compliment which is "here is an abundance of good". But sometimes its just what comes to mind. I really never have an interaction with you that feels painful or tiring or upsetting. And the reason for that is that if an interaction ever starts to become that, I can simply say so, and we acknowledge it change the course of the interaction. What it means is that as I sit here puddling over you, my pie, I feel there is something so magical that every text, conversation, time we spend together is a positive one for me. I don't think there is anyone else in my life I can say that for in the same way ❤️
I walked to work this morning just feeling so lucky to have built a banana with youuuuuuu. That was the thought, for 30 minutes this occupied my mind and it was so beautiful. To think about what that meant in terms of time and attention and emotion and affection. I had such a happy time walking to work feeling this. I feel gratitude so easily these days and can melt in the joy of it ❤️
One of my very favourite things about youuuuuuuuuu which I have complimented many times is that you seek genuineness. It means many beautiful things for me, encouragement to be myself, exploration of myself, no expectations of performance, an ease of communication in many many forms. One thing that is really nice for me is that weirdness is also celebrated, normalised, encouraged. The way you treat it is that there can never be any weirdness. Because you are yourself, therefore you are normal, real and valid. The only thing that would be weird is performance of any kind. I really really really like the interaction of this morning. I like mentioning that I feel weird saying something - to ask for validation or communicate uncertainty - only for you to be 100% encouraging. This is so so beautiful for me in that moment and beyond ❤️
I find moods with youuuuuuu so easy to navigate now. If I'm in a mood I find it easy to communicate. I think at the heart of it is very little expectation from you for me to act a certain way. And you react so nicely accepting whatever I communicate without adding emotional burden for me ❤️🍮
I feel attractive to youuuuuuuu in quite nice ways. When I think of your attraction to me, I think of cuddling, giggling, walking and holding hands together. I feel attractive to you when we're doing nice shared activities. Not when I'm doing an act of service, nor when you're objectifying me in some scenario as an outsider. If I think of moments your eyes have gone gooey, they're always very together moments. Its nice for me because I get to feel attractive to you without any form of performance ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are so responsive to any request I have. It could be a small thing like asking for a compliment, or a bigger piece of feedback, or a preference over a shared situation. I always feel you take very seriously these moments and I get exactly what I want ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment...) I love that youuuuuuuu can and do make me aroused with daily interactions. I like that arousal is a together activity. And I like that I feel aroused so regularly. Picturing our bits being cuddled and cuddling our bits has been such a nice addition for a few reasons. One of them is that I can warm up my arousal with you ❤️🍮
I spent a bit of time thinking about what I wanted to write youuuuuuuu today. One reflection I had was how in control I feel, in the big picture - about my life, my future, my wellbeing. I think there are a few things that contribute to this which I’m very grateful for. One is you protecting my interests, reacting to my preferences, giving me power at different moments. Underlying this is a respect for me that you show, which I never feel I have to earn or assert. Another reason for this feeling of control is that you are very quick to show a priority for my wellbeing - and to support me when I do the same. It means that my life feels sustainable and that I’m in control of it. If I feel a need for something, I feel really able to seek it. It could be within our relationship or outside it. I really really appreciate this feeling because it feels fundamental - like feeling myself - but only a given when you respect and care for me as you do ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu feel like such a hug to me. Thinking of you gives me the sense that I’m receiving the best hug of my life. It’s so nice because I wake up every day feeling hugged and can receive a hug whenever I want by just thinking of my pudding ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so easy to communicate with. One of the things that makes it so easy to talk to you is that if I’m ever on the fence about whether to say something, and then I do. It always always goes down well. You very rarely react negatively to something I want to say to you. Which means that I feel really encouraged to say things to you, to communicate freely, and easily ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu never ever make me feel pressured. You have managed to make me feel so assured and comfortable and secure that I never feel pressured to do something you want. What then becomes so nice about this is that if you suggest I write you something romantic, I can do it positively, because I want to. The beauty is in the underlying relationship, in the trust that you will understand me and respond kindly to me. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu have always been so positive towards me. From when I very first met you to today, you have been so consistently positive about who I am, supportive of my spirit and very protective over your attitude towards it. If I ever ask you questions about me, I will receive some positive vision. If you ever comment on me, it will almost always be beautiful and positive. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu always allow me to explain myself in conversation. I never feel interrupted or that you are assuming what I mean. I feel very very encouraged to speak without needing to be asked a question. And one of the things I like about that is that if I have said something I feel you slightly misinterpreted, I can come back and explain myself and you will not be frustrated by that. You will listen over and encourage me to say what I mean ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu have me such a fucking puddle at the moment. One of the things I really liked about Christmas was that it was a continuation of yourself, you were smothering me with gifts and words and affection and I was melting all over the place but it was all normal perfect pudding. And now I feel fully melted still. Fully. Every day I’m being melted even meltier. Because the words continue, the presents continue, the affection continues. I’m being smothered and swooped and puddled all over the place as you continue to be your perfect self ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so rewarding to build a banana with for so many reasons. One is that you gobble up whatever I communicate to you. I feel like you really enjoy moments when I share something with you. I feel that by the seriousness with which you take certain things I say. I might expect most people in my life to hear a complaint or a suggestion or an experience I share and just eye-roll internally and ignore it. But you are probably the person in my life who takes the things I say most seriously. ❤️ 
As well as eating up communication youuuuuuuu  are so so ready to share your thoughts at any time. It’s kinda unbelievable to me. I think you have really never avoided a question I asked you about us. I don’t know how you do it, because I can’t. I might say I want to think about this some more, or answer when I’m less tired, or I don’t want to text something. But any time or medium I ask any question you answer it for me. It means I feel no burden to you and liberated to ask you anything. Communicating with you is so bloody satisfying, and this is a wonderful aspect of that ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu make me feel so bloody precious in lots of ways. One is in your cute-talk you might make about me. One of the underlying feelings I get is ‘precious potato’.  When you’re talking about kissing me all over, or describing your potato, or sending my a gif - it’s always very gentle and caring. It always feels like a little kiss. One in which you are being thoughtful and intentional about me - not greedy for some kind of gratification yourself. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu have made sleeping so special for me by giving me gwenda and the bunny. I guess you know it because you decided to give them to me. But I get pudding-y company every night from these little personality-filled potatoes ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu so don’t scare me. You do so the opposite. You relax me, calm me, make me comfortable and at ease. The idea of being chased by a giant version of you whilst I’m aaaa chicken is so so happy and fun and cuddly. I was nervous today before presenting and so I thought of you to make me calm and composed. I’m so grateful that I feel so relaxed and comfortable with you because it allows everything else to happen with ease and joy ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are such a good hugger. God. I feel I haven’t just given you a straight old-school compliment in a while. But fuck me, you’re such a good hugger. You get in all the right places and hold me in all the right ways. A long hug with you feels so amazing ❤️ 
Something I appreciate about talking with youuuuuu, is that any situation can be satisfying to me because of how free I feel in conversation with you. Talking over the hoover is great because if I want, we can just be silly and giggle; talking on a weekend when I haven’t done anything is great because I can lean into the conversation and just tell you when I feel I need to leave my flat; talking with you at work is great because I will find a cupboard, tell you I’m in a cupboard and can feel comfortable or uncomfortable, it’s all fine because of how free I am in these moments to be myself and not worry at all ❤️
I feel lucky to have learnt things that I like and appreciate in friendship and bananas alongside youuuuuuuu. If someone asked me now what I value in a friend, some of the top things would be honesty and openness. I have learnt this over the last two years, from you directly, from the things you have made me see in my other friends, from ways in which our banana shines nicely. And then what I'm grateful for is that I'm allowed to learn with you. I don't feel disregarded or like I need to be different ever. And then I can keep learning with you, from you, or on my own without having felt like I was "catching up" or being directed, forced to change. What underlies this is respect. And I feel the respect you show me is so true ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have helped me get over nervousness with people. One of the things that I love so much with our interactions is that I feel more at ease and free to be myself than ever. But I did have to learn this with you in different ways. But now I feel freer elsewhere too. I think I'm more relaxed and myself with other people. Comfortable to say no, or be different. Comfortable to let a little bit of potato shine when I like. Without compromising on anything. Relational aspects of life make me nervous or stressed sometimes, when I feel stretched and pulled in different directions by different expectations. That is still the case, I still feel stressed by friends that want my time. But incrementally I am getting better. Little by little I feel like I owe people nothing but honesty and kindness. ❤️🍮
I feel so beautifully loved by youuuuuuuu. I am so lucky for the way in which you love me. I feel intensely affectioned, intensely validated, I feel respected, protected, and cared for, I feel supported and equals in the processes of bonding and friendship, I feel understood and important and normal. The ways you treat me, the ways you think reflect and act on those reflections, I feel so lucky for. I wonder if you know what it feels like to be loved the way you do it. If I could learn that from you, I'd have a beautiful beautiful superpower ❤️🍮
Something I'm so grateful from youuuuuuuu is a beautiful kind of comfort you have created for me. I used to hate the idea of being comfortable in a banana, and also never was. The concept was one I associated with accepting misery, with watching television, with becoming absent in others lives, not caring about yourself, and becoming dull and losing passion. But what I feel from you is a comfort in terms of being a reliable and deeply supportive influence on my life that validates and normalises me for myself. But part of that is protecting all aspects of me that I value. Protecting my short term happiness, my relationships, things which are important to me. I'm so grateful you have this attitude because I think it allows me to be truly comfortable, and not at all numbed to the beauty of life ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have made me run skip and wriggle in the happiest of ways. There are many things that I do with or because of you directly that are expressions of joy. Like little guinea pig squeaks. And skipping is definitely one of them. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu keep our conversation so varied and so happy for me. I have no idea what we will talk about tomorrow together. I know we will laugh, I know we will think, I know we will send affection. But it could be anything ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu have such an amazing way of making conversations easy, fun, happy between us. I am sometimes thinking "I don't know how to start this conversation" and I think "what would pudding do"... and you'd start it in a way that'd make me feel cuddled and happy and thered be some play but also the opportunity for seriousness. And I come away thinking that is such a superpower that I don't know I could pull off. It could be sending me a wedding ring, or telling me we're moving to Canada together, or you wanting attention. The way you start certain conversations is so wonderful and I always always feel totally unthreatened, cuddled, protected, and able to respond however is comfortable to me ❤️🍮
I feel so lucky to be free, encouraged, hugged in way that let's me tell youuuuuuu I don't like something. What makes it so nice is that when you're giving me an act of service, I can feedback honestly about what I like and don't. So then when I'm lying in bed listening to you read me a bedtime story no part of me is thinking about how I will respond to you. For most interactions in life  I guess I'm planning a little how to react, based on how I think it will be received by the other person. But being read a bedtime story, I felt complete ease because any response I give will be received similarly by you. Fundamentally what I value loads between us is the ability for honest and fluent communication. And I hope I've contributed in positive ways to our forms of communication but I feel like a lot of politeness principles that block being honest would have been quite trained in me, and I think you have liberated a lot of the way I feel I can talk and share with you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so encouraging of me. I think I experience encouragement from most people through enthusiasm or through pride. Either some interaction where I share something and people get excited or in an interaction where people share some attitude of approval in me. I get an additional form of encouragement from you. I get total encouragement. From others maybe part of my personality or some single action is encouraged. But from you I feel like everything I say or do or am is encouraged. I feel that you have a deep attitude of accepting me for who I am to you which makes me feel encouraged for everything I am ❤️🍮
Thinking of youuuuuu makes me physically smile. There are some things that are nice for my body to express when I’m thinking about you. It could be saying puddddding out loud, or smiling, or skipping. But expressing it outside my mind elevates the feelings and allows them to shine. ❤️ 
When I think about future things with youuuuuuuu, my whole body glows. I radiate. The strength of feeling is stronger for this than anything else. The ideas of futures together multiply so many of the things I’m grateful for in ways I can’t comprehend and all I can comprehend is the intensity of my joy I’m feeling ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so beautifully affectionate to me. One of the things I can depend on so nicely is that if I want affection, I will receive it - by the bucket loads - in a way that totally satiates me. I never feel under affectioned because the ways you give me affection hit the spot every single time ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu are very good at being reassuring in lots of ways. There are so many things about the way you understand things, or react to things that makes me feel very assured and calm. I feel you’re very consistent in how you treat me, you often have perspective on issues which makes things okay or normal, if I seek reassurance, you just provide it without becoming heightened or worried yourself. It means that I very rarely have thoughts in my head that spiral in directions of worry, because I have a high baseline of assurance from you, and a knowledge I can just raise something and feel comforted ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu are so easy to understand. There are many aspects of our communication which I think are so important for our banana. One of them is that I feel like I understand you when you’re trying to explain something in conversation. It makes it easier to converse, easier to feel like I know you, and easier to talk about things that matter. Maybe it feels weird to talk about successful communication when it broke down last night, but there are forms of communication I think we do really well at and one is that I feel if you explain something to me, it is so clear and makes sense to me ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so rewarding to give feedback to. I think of it as one of your superpowers. “I want a piece of your soul” is part of that. It’s such a nice way of you saying “just say it”. It’s similar to “unfreeze” or when you first demanded feedback from me under the blanket on your sofa. You always reward honesty and openness in such an easy way. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu have a nice balance of giving and receiving care. I like that we have a natural give and take that often comes from visiting eachothers home. We can both sit on the other's sofa and say "give me a hot drink and a rub". I like that it feels mutual and easy. ❤️🍮
Something that I find so gobblable about youuuuuuuu is that I feel so desiring of all our interactions. All phone calls, giggles, skips, and mwahs. It means that I never grow tired and any planned interaction has beautiful anticipation, and any unplanned interactions bring me a spark of excitement. It’s so nice for me because I just get this beautiful joy in my week of looking forward to the next giggle and being surprised by happy little nibbles along the way ❤️ 
Something I find both amazing but also relieving every time it happens is when youuuuuuuuu text me questions when I’m very tired. I guess I feel like I can’t do the mental work of reflecting and considering my words I use to communicate something - which is probably important but what it leaves behind is just an ability to bluntly state some very true and very unconsidered words. And then whenever this happens it always feels okay. It’s nice because I have no capacity to qualify things, or add nuance. And I feel quite good acting like this around you. It makes me feel very very safe, and free, that without any filter, and potentially sensitive questions, the communication between us is still positive. ❤️ 
Something I’m thinking about is that I should really try to avoid asking if you “want something” as communication for “I want”. I think it’s maybe a lazy or English habit I have sometimes and the better communication is to just ask for something. Something I appreciate about youuuuuuu in this dynamic is that if you want something from me, I think I will know about it. If you want a present, or commitment, or a wedding ring, or a rub, or attention I will know. And I will know it will be okay if I can’t give you those things right there and then. Both of which is a nice situation for me. ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment...) when I think about pants off with youuuuuuu, I am always also thinking of cuddling between us. My mind often starts with something intimate and cuddly. And you are so good at making these things special. Hugs, rubs, kisses. Are given the attention and importance they deserve by you. It means that when my mind wonders into worlds of pants off, I also spend time thinking of the beautiful hugs or cuddles or kisses we've had ❤️🍮
Writing romance to youuuuuu is really nice because you react to it quite well. Romance writing is weirder and has an added layer of pressure than compliments because I don’t know that it will feel romantic to you. When I’m writing the compliments I don’t really think about how they will be received, I just write what I’m thinking about you. But being asked to be romantic feels like it is asking me to make you feel like butter. and maybe at first when you asked this I never really knew if what I said would work or feel romantic to you. But what I like is that romance and compliments are often reacted to the same. If I need reassurance I will get it, but if not, there won’t likely be a strong reaction that I come to seek or need. It’s just easy and nice which means I can give it a go without feeling like there are expectations which might or might not be met ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu are so unbelievably unbelievably good at rolling with whatever mood I’m in. I feel kinda dull and dim tonight, like there is no emotion available to me really just words and thoughts. I don’t really know why but I feel quite disconnected with myself. I think probably just because I was napping and waking up like “who am I”, sleep, eat, sleep, work, sleep, robot, task, survive, repeat. But you just absorb me in such a nice way. I really don’t know how you do it, but I can have a long interaction with you where I can’t have been much fun to talk to and I can leave feeling totally validated, accepted and not an ounce of me rejected. I feel so lucky for this ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are such a genius at building anticipation for something. God, the way you said “you know it’s almost satuuurrrday”. This is just the best best best thing. Because it builds excitement, shares excitement, and you do it so consistently. And you can do it with any interaction. It’s so so so nice for me that you create this space for sharing excitement about the time we will spend together because it sprinkles a little joy into my mind as my brain starts to tingle with thoughts of the same thing ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu always encourage whatever I decide to say. Something that feels really nice talking to you is that I will always feel that if I want to talk about something, I will get to. And if I'm not sure about it, you might encourage me too ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so good at calling me. I really appreciate this. I feel I should check if this is a burden for you and whether I should call more often? But I'm so grateful that you call so often and I get to taste pudding throughout my day. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are very patient and tolerant of me. I feel very able to respond to demands you might make at my own pace and however I want. I very rarely, maybe never, feel pressured by you because you will protect me however I decide to respond  ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu feel like a patch of grass in the way that spending time with you is never ever disappointing. You can hype it up and be excited all week, and then it feels just as great as you knew it would. I feel so satiated by the time we spend together. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu feel like a patch of grass in that when I’m with you, I feel very easy, like I’m more present. I pictured if I found a patch of grass, I would feel like a weight had been lifted - that’s how I feel with you in the because everything just feels nice a loose when I’m with you. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu feel like a patch of grass because the feeling of winning the lottery is something I deal with every day. I also think about you first thing every morning, sometimes for cuddles and I give Gwenda a squeeze. But often I wake up and just feel so lucky that my day will be filled by interactions with you. ❤️
I feel very grateful that youuuuuuu create spaces for conversations both directly and indirectly. I do feel better and happy having talked about the conditions for raising a child together. And I’m so grateful for the moment you created the space for that conversation and encouraged it. I wasn’t so sure whether I was too tired, but I know now it feels good. I really like that you knew my answer to the solution of the reality show drama “lot’s of talking and communication etc. etc…..” I like that this might become a treasured catch-phrase. But you help me so much in these moments. Both directly by asking me questions, or asking me to ask questions. But also indirectly. In the conversation, I do feel free and easy and supported by you. The same conversational rule applies as normal between us - just be yourself and it’s all okay. ❤️ 
I feel very grateful that youuuuuuuu set such a strong example that it’s okay to feel whatever when we spend time together - I think the beautiful thing is that no matter the mood for either of us, the treatment of each other doesn’t change. One of the most beautiful things about spending time with you is that it’s okay to be sad, it’s okay to be whatever. You live this in the way you treat me if I tell you I’m sad or tired or grumpy - it’s never ever an issue, you’ll treat me the same, and it’s so liberating for me. But you also set the example very well with how you communicate your own feelings or stresses or tiredness. I’m always told about them, boundaries are set on our interaction to support them and it becomes very very easy for me to feel at ease and happy that our interactions are still nice for you. I guess it’s not unconditional and maybe there is a distinction between things you think are controllable vs uncontrollable. Maybe you’d feel upset if I was in a tired because I spent all night listening to Raheem talk about Andrew Tate, as a sign I hadn’t given enough consideration about the time we would spend. But, assuming I treat you with respect, openness and care, it’s such a nice principle that how we spend time can change according to mood - but underlying treatments of each other will never. There will always be total acceptance. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu have a philosophy of not trying to change me, it’s powerful, kind to me, and also probably based on a reality that large changes are difficult or impossible in the short-term. It was so obvious during the conversation about how I freeze when discussing distress. I think most people would say “do better” and ask me to fix myself. But you are wiser and kinder than that, you asked my perspective with sympathy - based on why I might act that way, and treated me as a teammate to find certain solutions together, maybe none are ideal but you were very reassuring about that too. Maybe a part of my response to the conversation yesterday is that I was surprised how little I featured in the conditions for raising a child. You explained a lot of that around wanting to be secure and safe if something happened which meant I wasn’t present. But I think I was anticipating potential answers to be that you want me to be more experienced with children, or you want to feel I’m more responsible in certain ways in terms of domestic life. I’m still processing a lot of it, but maybe one of the reflections is that you continue to never ask me to change who I am in my soul. And it communicates a respect for me, a protection of me, and a validation of me. I don’t think it’s the most important takeaway, maybe not even accurate to what you wanted to say, I’m not sure? ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu manage to create for me a feeling of never being disappointed or disappointing. You are very open to how our interactions go and never bemoan something not being achieved in the time we spend. It means I look back at every time we spend together thinking "that was perfect". And I so love this about you. I am reflecting how you react to time we spend together and it's beautifully protective of eachother ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu have such a nice way of sharing or reacting to things in the world that give me some emotion. If I find something funny you probably will too, or you will find joy in my relationship with that thing. If I find something aggravating, beautiful, sad, all the same. Then it becomes so satisfying to laugh at something with you - or to share any emotive reaction to the world. So many overlap, and where they don’t I feel so celebrated in my soul ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu respond so well to whatever piece of my mind I give you. I was just walking past a lottery advert just now. I’m quite tempted by the lottery which I know you wouldn’t respect very much. But I used to dream of winning it and giving it all away, and how that would feel and why. Now I dream of winning it and living with you on an island with potatoes and pigs. I thought of it, and then I thought of the satisfaction I get whenever I reveal something like that to you. Because you seem satisfied by it, and absorb it with total acceptance. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu have a way of sprinkling different things into conversation that are so joyful for me. It could be a “pants off” or a joke about making babies, or a ‘Love you’. But every time you send them it feels like you are dusting me with icing sugar giving me a dosing of emotion sporadically throughout the day. There isn’t a single time these aren’t completely treasured ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu lean into "myyy" pudding and "myyyy" potato so nicely. Last time we talked about marriage you described it as nice ownership. And I feel that way to being called your potato. The ownership feels so nice, it feels like I'm being held and cuddled closely. My heart always melts when you describe me as anything that is "your". It was the perfect way to start the Christmassy christmas love letters because I'm immediately a puddle. Being a knuffeln is warm and wonderful, but being youuuur knuffeln makes me feel so closely held ❤️🍮
When I think about compliments now I will think about what I'm grateful for about "pudding". And pudding is kind of a total feeling I have towards you. Its youuuuuur giggle and cheeky grin, its our interactions and style of bonding, its our future and our past, it's your mind, soul, and heart. And the compliment I have is that the moment I think of the word "pudding" I feel overwhelmed in positive feelings. It could be feeling sexy or cuddly or relaxed or bonded but a smile will erupt from within as I feel something about the impact you have on me. I have complimented you many times for protecting me and our banana. And maybe this is a feeling of how I've protected my feelings to you. In holding my pudding close to me in a way that could only make me smile thinking about you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu create such pure positivity around animals and children that comes from a place of trying to understand them. I remember you saying about Hugo and his feelings when he was a bit destructive before going outside and really appreciating your effort to view children's behaviours from their position. And I think you do it all the time and its part of how you can keep such a positive attitude towards them. I can't see you being annoyed by a child very easily because your positivity towards them is based on an appreciation of them, not necessarily what they give you. ❤️🍮
I feel very excited for pants off with youuuuuuuuu. I think its a new kind of excitement for me. Because I feel so  at peace with my desire for pants off. I feel that my desire is simultaneously there and fulfilled. I want to be sexual with you every day and I feel totally comfortable in our sexual relationship. There are so many aspects to this, our communication, our priorities in pants off, how we filter it into each day. But what it creates for me is such a nice feeling of permanent excitement with permanent satisfaction ❤️🍮
I’m excited for a holidayyy with youuuuuuuu because I will get so much of pudding. All interactions with you feel beautiful and a holiday means I will get a lot and varied interactions. Maybe we’ll get overly excited and jump and giggle, maybe we’ll get overly tired and need some quiet time, maybe we’ll lose something, find something, meet people, meet sheep, maybe we’ll say romantic things to each other as we fall asleep, maybe we’ll stay up chatting until it’s late, maybe you’ll play with my belly button. The beauty of spending time with you is that it will all feel special and beautiful and perfect and I can’t wait ❤️
When I think of youuuuuu, I think of a melting metaphor because all of me relaxes instantly and intensely. It’s so beautiful and a result of the way that you treat me. There is no pressure or tension or fear. All I feel is encouragement and freedom and validation. Which means that whatever state I’m in, if I think of you I feel a relaxing energy sore through me. I think it’s so important that I feel this. That I think of you as loosening me. It reflects your kindness to me, and allows my comfort in all situations. ❤️
I can feel the buzz of a cuddle just thinking of youuuuuuuu. I have access to such an intense feeling of you that I can feel as though we are lying on top of each other just reflecting on my pudding. I feel so surrounded by your affection and so surrounded by your friendship that when I melt into a puddle for you it feels physical. I am holding you right now and you are on top of me giggling into my heart. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu validate me and support me just being myself in so many ways. One of those is in how I communicate my feelings. I suppose it’s maybe the hardest form of communication, to puddle, be romantic, be frustrated, be excited and to have someone understand that. You are so so good at just letting me share however I want, how it is I feel. If it’s via swear words, so be it. If it’s via complements, or google sheets, or emojis, or presents, or poems, or letters. And you will understand. If I want to show excitement for sex or co-parenting or lasagne with a swear word, then you will understand. You have never asked me to change my forms of communication, and I’m grateful because I get to feel like I’m imposing myself on our conversation. I guess emotions are also hard to communicate in ways that aren’t natural too and so I’m grateful to be allowed to be myself ❤️
A long hug with youuuuuuuu is so perfect because its how I feel every day. I supported and held and treasured. In so many of your actions and our interactions what I feel the most is a sense that you treasure me. That I'm a precious pony to you. And so I feel hugged. I feel you wrap yourself around me. Protecting me from everything and wanting me whole. So when we hug it feels right. It feels like a physical realisation of how you treat me ❤️🍮
Will youuuuu want to spend time this weekend my pieee? I need to tell Adrienne and Co if I'll spend Saturday with them, but I'd rather have pudding time with my puddingpie
Youuuuuuuuu make sure that there is an element of play and fun in lots of our conversations and I'm really grateful for that. For babies and sex, I really like that we can build excitement and joy through the way we talk about them. Its so nice for me because you create a joyful energy around these things which should be exactly that ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu don't ebb and flow in my life. I feel we have some constant expectations around time and availability and what we will give eachother in terms of affection, attention, and attitude which is so consistent from you. I really appreciate this and hope it never changes. To me it communicates a sustainability, and a commitment to our banana and I want it every day ❤️🍮
Every single interaction with youuuuuuuu makes me happy. Every text, call, skipple, kissie, trip. The anticipation for all of them are beautiful. I really like that our text communication is happy for me and that every time your name appears on my phone I feel lucky and excited ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu make me feel very relaxed about myself. Could be self-confidence, or body image, or any kind of relationship with myself. You always make me feel normal and it helps me have a relationship with myself which is at peace ❤️ 
I am so grateful for the way youuuuuuuu have handled moments if tension or difficulty in our interactions. If I think back, I feel that you have used those moments in some ways to protect the things you find most beautiful in our banana. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu have such nice language around things that matter. Souls and flourishing and friendship. I like our language so much over different aspects of our banana. And this is slightly different, I feel you have introduced me to this kind of thinking you have about enlightenment, about the heart of life. I like that we can use it too. When I tell you I want to nibble on your soul, I feel you would understand what I mean. And its so nice to have this ability to talk about things as important as this ❤️🍮
I am grateful for the way youuuuuuuuu hold conversations about our banana. If I think back to different moments we talked about something important, this conversation feels really good to me. Maybe we were having it after a moment of sadness, or maybe not. But either way, the conversation itself feels good to me to think about. These are moments in which I learn and understand a little more about you and our banana. But I’m grateful for how they are held. So so kindly, very team-matey, and with a purpose of understanding and communicating. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu always make me feel so normal and accepted about my appearance. I feel so treasured as your potato in all aspects of myself and that I think it spills over, or includes my appearance. I don’t always feel good about the way I look, but I always feel completely normal with you. My tooth being knocked out wasn’t something I was conscious of or cared about, but the way you reacted was so accepting of me. I get the feeling you would treat me with the same affection and warmth however I looked. Which makes it incredibly comfortable to be around you, makes it so possible for me to love when you grab parts of me and makes me look forward to enjoying this comfort around you for the next time we are naked together. ❤️ 
The way youuuuuuu are with me feels to me like you ask so little of me. It’s a subjective feeling, maybe because all the time and energy we spend on each other I’m fully into, therefore it feels like I’m never asked anything of. Or maybe you have an attitude of kindness and commitment to my flourishing which involves protecting different parts of me. There are lots of dynamics between us where I feel you never demand more than what I want to do. The thought that spurred this is about our valentine’s day, which I am probably holding back based on not finishing my present for my pudding. But the feeling which is so nice for me is that I feel very able to behave how I want to in our banana and be confident that it you will be happy about it ❤️
Pants of with youuuuuuuuu is so nice for all of it. One of the reasons I can be fully relaxed is that everything feels so perfect. We could be doing anything and it’d be perfect. I’m never thinking about ‘what next’ because I’m so into whatever is happening in that moment ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu respond well to any thought I have and want to say. You never shut me down, or discourage me from saying something. It makes spending time with you really freeing because I can really just share what is on my mind at any given time ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu ask such good questions in such a non-threatening and team-matey way. If you’re ever asking a question about a more serious topic, I always feel very secure and very like you are asking with me, rather than at me ❤️
Walking with youuuuuuuuu home is one of my very very favourite things. These moments are so perfect for me. Because I'm satiated with pudding so I'm happy and loose. And then this is bonus time. I get bonus pudding walkies with no expectations and unlimited time. I so love these moments with you. 💕💕💕
Youuuuuuuu are so nice to find balance with. It could be balancing life, or time, or generosity. But you are often calculating the benefits of something in a really nice way which means we don't get sucked into extravagance. It could be thinking about what food you want me to cook, accounting for hassle. Or how much time we will spend accounting for what we might miss out on. But the overall effect means that we can make decisions on things that are balanced and honest 💕💕💕
Youuuuuuu are so easy to talk to. Sometimes I'll think about things I want to talk about with you when we're together. But I don't have to. Conversation with you feels so free and easy. 💕💕💕
Time with youuuuuuuu feels refreshing rather than exhausting because of how easy and free it is. I guess what is often exhausting in social situations is the expectations, performance, constant calculations about the uncertain and changing dynamics. But when I spend time with you, my spirit is so protected in our interactions. So the dynamic is simple, just be myself 💕💕💕
The one I had prepared was that walking through London on the phone with youuuuuuu is such a transcendent feeling because I'm so encapsulated in the giggling or the conversation that the noise around me becomes the playground of our conversation. And I'm floating through space and time
Youuuuuu, my pie, are so beautiful to talk to on the phone. I will have these memories for the rest of my life, walking back from work with my pudding. Last week I was laughing so loudly and giggling away whilst the cars murmured and the greyness loomed. This week I was contemplating my character and your character how they might contribute to toxic relationships in this world. These are such precious moments and I know it too. Last week, I made a mental note to remember that feeling forever, free among the unfree. You make me feel that way and I’m so grateful ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so nice at balancing how you see me with how I see me. I think a really nice way to feel known is for someone to appreciate or see in you, what you see and appreciate in yourself. But then there are powerful moments when someone makes you realise something about yourself that you never knew. I feel you do both so nicely. I like that if I push back on a narrative about myself, you will listen; I like that you will attribute potato-yness to things that I value; and I like that you will teach me things about myself in your reflections ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu make me laugh so much throughout the day in ways you might not realise. I, at least once a day maybe more, will find myself laughing at a joke you made recently. Yesterday I was walking out the gym laughing at something and I realised how common this is for me. Today walking along the train tracks. Something will pop into my head that you said and I’ll embrace the spirit of your humour, melt, and smile ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so un-manipulative in the way you share less positive thoughts. I really like that you share dreams or thoughts that are negative towards or relating to me. I also like that many of these have no impact on me. If they contradict something I know to be true, we can celebrate the reality of our banana in these moments. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu protect your feelings towards me in ways I’m really grateful for. I guess I’ve tested it a couple of times today, wondering how you feel towards me if other things feel negative and you’ve responded quite honestly and almost surprised I think, “of course” kinda vibes. Maybe it’s easy and natural for you, but it’s so nice for me and feels strongly like I’m precious to you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu feel so deep in my heart. When I pause to feel you, I sink into a place in my heart at the very centre. That’s where my pudding burns so bright. There might be potato surrounding it, but at the centre of my heart is just pudding. Sinking into that feels so pure, so perfect. ❤️
Our banana feels quite boundaried to me. There are things that are part of the banana like some friendships, phone calls, reflections, my inner thoughts, presents, affection, fantasies, holidays. But also things that aren't part of the banana like washing up, or certain other friends, or the worst places in oxford, or clothes shopping. And I guess these boundaries shift and change and are constantly negotiated and reconsidered. But what I think we do, and what I like about having boundaries to our banana is that I have this world with youuuuuuuu that can offer escapism into a world of all that is beautiful. I think you, maybe we, boundary the banana in a way that protects it from being anything other than beautiful and joyous. And its so effective. When I delve into the feelings I have to our banana its pure joy. Pure smiles. Pure giggles. ❤️🍮
I’m so grateful for the way youuuuuuuu take on challenges between us or things you find difficult. You’ll protect and reassure me, communicate that there is something that you find difficult and maybe it fixes, maybe it doesn’t, maybe we need to find a way together, or maybe it’s just sharing that’s good enough. But anyway, I feel I get to know what you’re feeling, there is no pressure on me, and I’m so assured. I’m thinking a bit about the space we each take up in conversation. And how that was something we talked about. I don’t know that it’s an issue that is fully resolved or anything, but I appreciate the way you raised it, hugged me, and I feel encouraged in certain situations to be more demanding from conversations ❤️ 
I feel so intensely in love with youuuuuuuuu. All the things that make my heart turn to butter so with more depth and intensity than ever. Your voice. God. When you pick up the phone, or you laugh in my ear, or you say “potato”… I’m gone. A picture of you, seeing the jigsaw puzzle out of the corner of my eye, a long hug. I want to walk you home every night and float home like a giddy puddle of love. ❤️ 
One of the things that sends me more wild than most with youuuuuuuu is fantasies about the distant future together. This will never not send me into oblivion. I will be riding off you saying that your book ends with us in a car like giddy pumpkins together… for weeks, maybe months, maybe years will I be thinking about this funeral moment. The power of that thought will stay with me. Because it contains so much and feels the brightest of all dreams. ❤️
Haha, God I love phone calls with youuuuuuuuu. I’m so happy being with you in these moments. I feel so at ease and peace with this dynamic now and so often during a week this will be the greatest moments of glee and joy ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu always comfort me in allowing me to speak and be myself. I know if I don’t think of the words to say now, I can say them any time I want. I never need to feel too stressed in conversations with you because you are so receptive to me, and open to my thoughts, forgiving if I say them wrong, and happy for me to repeat myself. I don’t know if I was how I wanted to be in that conversation, but I know I will have as many chances as I want, that I’ll be allowed to make mistakes along the way. I feel very held by you in the way you react to me in these conversations ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu give me space when we’re spending time with other friends in a way where I feel you want me to shine - if that’s what I want to do myself. I feel you pull back, or encourage me to speak, or sense my body language in ways that feels like you want me to be myself. It’s a little shocking when it happens, I think very few people react that way to me ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu always indulge me in compliments and reassurance. Maybe it’s a little unhealthy and I should aim to not abuse them. But it does feel nice and I feel lucky that if I ever want you to say something to me, you will ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are good at holding on to new understandings. I have always felt that when I’ve said something to you in the past that changed the way you understood me, you have acted on it or held that understanding when we next need it. I feel lucky that I feel very heard by you and feel very held by you in those moments ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu think of me as such a potato. I think this is the thing that makes me feel most secure towards you. If my mind feels some insecurity, it is this that makes me comforted, that no matter the situation, the future, the decisions, you will know me, and think of me as a precious pony. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuuu have nice moral standards. If I've ever heard you describe yourself slipping below your own standards, it's often measured in proportion and with aims that are really cuddly. I'm not sure if internally you manage it less well, but in how you communicate it, it feels real, not overly punishing and with insight into why and what those standards are. ❤️🍮
The physical act of holding hands with youuuuuuuu feels very right to me. Walkies whilst holding hands fulfills a few things that make me like it. There is a physical touch, a togetherness and a constant communication  between us, and it feels so nice to me.
Youuuuuuuuuu feel so beautiful in my heart my pie. Maybe after arguments or even very slightly sadder moments, it feels so nice to retreat there. To sit in a place of gratitude and drink it all in. To think how it'd feel to listen to you snore. To think how lucky I'd feel if we ever got married. To think how happy I am when we're together. To feel amazed at the way you treat me and how you have built a banana with me. I feel so lucky to get to share bits of life with my pudding every day ❤️🍮
There isn't a single interaction with youuuuuuuu I'm ungrateful for. I guess saying "I want all your love" could mean many things and it does mean many things to me. One of them is that I want all of our interactions. Individually they all make me grateful to share some little sliver of life with you and combined they add to make me finish every day feeling held by you, my pudding ❤️💕🍮
One of youuuuuuur superpowers is appreciation. Of small things, of meaningful things, of spirits. I feel I have learnt from you some of this. To treasure the things in life that you want to keep special. And I feel so treasured by you. ❤️💕🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are quite easy to trust because things you say, you follow through with. I don’t think I’ve received a singly empty promise from you. And I don’t feel you are likely to make one. You communicate in quite honest and realistic ways, which means I feel very at ease trusting your words. It’s so nice for me because I never have to second guess the meanings of what you say, or make calculations about what you will do ❤️   
I feel so able to tell youuuuuuuu how I feel in any situation. It always ends up feeling better for me and you treat me so well about it. I’m writing these compliments feeling a little weird about the job you just sent, wanting to ask about it when we next talk, and not wanting to do that over text. But my compliment is I know I can tell you that I feel weird. I know I can tell you I feel anything. You’re so so so good at receiving this. It’s so nice for me because it means any any any situation I feel a little anything, good, bad, bored, sexy, excited, I can tell you and it will feel much better for me that I didn’t hold it in ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu have such a high self-awareness over how you treat me. I feel that you reflect on our interactions in a very empathetic way. You’ll often come with a change, apology, or question that I haven’t demanded. And often you’ll say something I wasn’t expecting because of the way you have understood a situation. It’s so nice for me because so often, you do the labour of understanding my position ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so rewardingly sexual. When I think of my sexuality, I think of you and this other worldly ability to sink into pleasure with such ease and freedom, that I feel with you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuuu are so generous and accepting of me. I always feel like I can ask something of you, or deny you something you want. Its so nice for me because then my acts of generosity become real, and my needs become less intense ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so much fun to lie next to. There will be giggling and rubbing and you will find something fun to play with and you will make sure everyone is oh so comfy. I never knew that lying down could be an activity before I met you ❤️🍮
Something about youuuuuuuuu that I appreciate in many ways is a feeling of ease I have in banana-ing with you. I feel it about many aspects of you. And something I’ve always enjoyed with your fantasy of a weekly meal rota is the ease of that dynamic as well as the ease of the cooking required. Logistically you always take into account effort and it makes things so nice for me as a result. And it’s beautiful for lot’s of reasons, all of our interactions happen in a relaxed state of mind for me. It’s also what I thought about when you asked yesterday if I’ll get sick of you. How could I get sick of you, when there is zero burden involved. It’s just the good stuff, puddles, and nibbles, and kissies and giggles ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu feel so soft to me. When I think of you and think of the emotions I associate with you, everything feels soft. There is no danger, no edges, nothing but being surrounded in softness. I am comfortable and protected and everything feels nice ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu are so good at texting little comments that make texting interesting. You will sometimes send something without context or anticipation and it’s really really nice for me. It could be a “love you” or some nice words. It could also be a provocative question. But I really like these moments because I feel like they are little gifts of pudding for me to have all to myself. There is no expectation, I just get some pudding directed towards me and there is nothing better ❤️ ‎<This message was edited>
Youuuuuuuuu are so good at treating me well when you're stressed. I always feel treated the same way, no matter what is going on for you. Its so nice for me that I can trust in you to be kind to me in all moments ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so nice to think about pants off with because the process of slipping into thoughts about cuddling and grabbing reflects the way it happens when we're together. I become relaxed, I become present, and everything feels comfortable ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are so nice to think about holidaying with because you have an attitude that I don't have to be anything or be in any mood. Thinking about how we will spend 3 days together, I won't be excited or energetic for 3 days, I will probably be quiet at times, maybe even sad who knows. But you are so nice to think about this, in this respect, because I know that this will be okay and part of whatever expectations you have ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu understand and are welcoming of all of my thoughts. I feel like I have never received an eye roll from you. If I have a dumb thought, you take it seriously, if I have a passionate thought you accept it for what it is, if I want to speak philosophically about relationships or power or myself, you will listen with such kindness. I feel very safe talking to you, because my thoughts are never shut down - even if they are disagreed with ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu have such a nice attitude to children and puppies and parenting of all kinds. All times I see you interact with a puddle and a pumpkin, my heart melts. The absurdity of the man shouting at the puppy today and making us both laugh was so so perfect. That we have a shared knowledge of how ridiculous it is to respond to the dog by shouting is so nice and made me feel so with you in that moment. But there are also ‘wow’ moments, and modelling romance to a child was nice. My gut reaction was ‘can’t show affection in front of a child’…Jesus… but true… and you totally flipped it in such a nice moment today ❤️
Spending time with youuuuuuu sets a new standard for my friendship interactions. There are so many instance when I’m with other friends that I feel something and think ‘oh, I don’t like that’, and that realisation is because I’d never feel that from you and you have raised my understanding of how I should feel around other people. It happens in maybe every friendship interaction, there is just a small moment of judgement, or isolation, or rejection. It probably happens in every interaction I ever had, but now I am aware of it because I feel things I never would spending time with you; where I’m so celebrated and free and together. ❤️
So often when I’m talking to youuuuuuuu, hanging up or ending the interaction is a beautiful moment. Walking you home, or on the phone, if we’ve set the precedent we might leave soon, all the rest of the interactions are bonus interactions and they feel so nice for it. There is zero expectation, we have acknowledged we are about to leave and yet we have this beautiful moment where it is just nice to keep on talking or walking for a little bit longer ❤️ 
Being called ‘youuuuuuur potato’ feels so nice to me every single time. Any story you tell where you include ‘my potato’ in it, fuck me. I’m gone. What I feel, every single time, is you hug me tight when you say those words. I feel so held and protected and precious ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so good at coming up with new playful affection. God I love these little kissies you’re giving me. And it’s the latest in so many things that fill me with affection and butter ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so easy to give gifts to because you’re grateful for everything. It’s one of your superpowers and it makes it so easy to interact with you in lots of ways. One of the things it makes easy for me is giving you presents. I feel very little guilt or pressure. You also tell me when you want a present. So if I haven’t given you one in a while, I feel like if it was an issue, you would ask, and you would receive. It makes it so easy for me. I can give you gifts I want to give you, I will feel very sure you will be grateful for it, and you will tell me if you want to receive something else. It’s so nice for me ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu have me glued into interactions with you every single day. Every day we interact in a way that has me engaged, excited, and so into it. Sometimes you say things that make me realise that your interactions aren’t always as effortless as they seem and I wonder how many of the interactions I feel so lucky to have with you are an effort for you to have planned and perfected in advance. But I’m so lucky because I get to spend so much time interacting with you and it’s just so deeply enjoyable ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are thoughtful and you engage that side of yourself at times that feels so nice to me. You consider and re-consider things in a nice balance with other times which you have a set opinion which you are unlikely to change. It’s really nice for me because I feel that if I want you to take something I say seriously, even if it’s not something you agree with, you will. And you might even think about it for days. I really like that I can access that side of you because it feels like we can learn and grow and reflect together ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu smother me in such an unmanipulative way. I don’t get smothered or affectioned according to some behaviour of mine. It could come completely random to how I’ve been or what I’ve done for you. It’s so so nice for me for lots of reasons. It means I’m never chasing the affection by repeating some behaviour you appreciated. It also means that I receive smothering and affection when I’m not expecting it. This is so nice for me, my pie ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu laugh at my jokes. I don’t know that I think of myself as particularly funny but I do like that I can make you laugh every now and then and we can share a giggle. I’ve never felt that you don’t laugh when I expect you to, or that I need to do something out of character to make you laugh. It’s nice for me because I feel bonded to you when we have a giggle together, and if I make you laugh in a way I expect to, I feel understood ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu fill me with puddle. When I sink into allowing my emotions for you, all of me becomes full up. I can feel pudding in my finger tips and in my toes. It is physical and consumes all of me. I never thought it was possible to have a banana with someone and be able to feel in love in this way. To spend our days together and then end them sinking into bliss whilst thinking of you is such a gift ❤️
Youuuuuuu are so beautiful to bond with. When I’m thinking of the bonding we might have this weekend I feel so lucky. What I like is that it all builds up. We could have a sad time, or a sexy time, or a giggly silly time, or an emotionless time, and in months time it will be part of the beautiful yummy banana. And if I think about the things you bring to the table, bonding is such a nice one. You constantly create the situations for it, I feel you have such a nice understanding of what it involves and how we can do it. And so whatever happens this weekend I know I will feel grateful for you creating the situation for us to bond ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are good at maintaining conversations over weeks and months. Something that is nice for me about any important conversations is that you’ll maintain them over time. We will have a conversation about how to react to Canada and babies that lasts a while as we both process the options, how we feel about them and so on. Same with marriage, or living together, or anything. You’re good at it because one conversation going badly doesn’t prevent another one from happening. You understand the need for long conversations and contribute to them in ways I’m very grateful for ❤️
I feel so nicely that youuuuuuuu know me. I think any moment that I feel slightly misunderstood by you can feel beautiful because I feel so well understood. A moment of misunderstanding now, can feel like a beautiful opportunity to share and learn together. The role play that we did where I pretended to be sad about my dad made me feel a little unknown in some moments. But that was nice. It didn’t feel like distance, just a nice feeling that we have more to share. And the reason it can feel that way is because in 99% of our interactions I feel so totally understood in the kindest of ways. ❤️
Something youuuuuuuuu find an impressive balance in is treating me like a precious pony and a respected person. Something I would always be a little cautious of is being treated as a cuddly toy. Maybe I’m a little sensitive to that treatment of me generally. But I think for you these aren’t at all conflicting features of me. I am a precious pony who has a voice and values and understandings of the world worth respecting. ❤️
Myyyy puddddding. Youuuuuuuu are so nice to exist alongside. One of the things I feel from you is that you're constantly reacting carefully to me. If you feel me need or want something you'll find a way of giving it to me. It could be a rightly timed kiss or a question or quiet or a comment. This weekend was so nice for me because I felt so lucky to spend days on end with you and leave wanting more. There are so many reasons that was the case, but one really nice one was that I felt you react to my energy so kindly ❤️💕🍮
Myyyyyy puddddinggggg. Youuuuuuuu make me feel like butter in such nice situations. I will remember this train ride home, sitting on the floor with you, giggling and studying, as such a highlight of my year. The energy of togetherness and light heartedness made me so happy in this moment. I remember the first time we went on a trip being so grateful that the motorway was all jammed, many giggles later and I felt much much deeper about how happy I was to sit with you and crawl throw the Midlands on a packed train ❤️💕🍮
Myyyyyy puddddingggg. Youuuuuuu are so magical to sleep next to. Its such a special and sacred feeling. I feel like this about lots of dynamics between us. You're so good at protecting and celebrating the things that are special on their own way. And sleeping next to you feels so special. We lean into what we enjoy, we protect against things thatd make it anything but perfect. And the result is such a nice feeling for me of feeling so happy and so lucky to spend those hours next to you ❤️💕🍮
The closer I get to youuuuuuuu the warmer and happier and more teammated I feel. The more time we spend, the more we share, the more we learn, the better I feel. For me, it’s such a nice feeling that after any interaction, I leave wanting more; after any feeling I have towards you, I leave feeling better. I love this feeling so much because it makes the process of banana building feel so secure. I feel so confident because each step becomes more bonding, more cuddly, and more supportive ❤️
One of the things I really really like about our banana is how much we talk and youuuuuuuuu are so good at creating space for that. You always find time for me and we have such a nice expectation that we will spend an hour together every day. I like it so much because it adds to a feeling I have of you being wrapped around my heart, it makes me feel like we spend every day together, and it creates a space for us to talk about anything we want. The calls are such nice times for me and I look forward to every single one ❤️
Youuuuuuu, god, you just feel like such butter to me, my pudding. Its the moment I think of you that I just melt. It could be a thought, a phone call, or seeing you its these moments where I experience such a dramatic change of state from solid to liquid. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so nice. You used these words this weekend, 'is it because I'm so nice'... and the answer is yes. There are a thousand things that let us get on nicely and connect in different moments, but God you are so nice too. I am so lucky to have someone treat me like you do. Some of the things that feel the nicest are... the complete absence of cruelty, moments you pick me up, encourage me to open up to you, take time to understand me, and treasure me. ❤️🍮
Pants off with youuuuuuu blows my mind. I'm so regularly introduced to knew levels of joy. Because the intimacy of pants off can be so perfect with you. On holiday we had pants off then fell asleep with our lips touching. Poar. Its just perfect. I feel so so intensely cuddled and it makes me enjoy our sex so much ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu make sure our banana is balanced. Something I think is so important and allows me to enjoy our banana is that I feel we have a harmony over giving and taking. Of all the different labours and dynamics we might have. Could be chores, or admin, or praise and compliments, or banana building ideas, or physical affection, or finances. There are things that each of us might do more of, because we find it easier or more important than the other but what I feel is that overall there is a balance in giving and taking. And I feel that you work to maintain that in such nice ways. It means that I can sink into enjoying all the dynamics because I feel my teammate doing the same work the other side of me ❤️💕🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so good at picking up my signals that I want reassurance. I might be subconscious or consciously wanting you to reassure me about something and you so often provide. But what is so so nice for me is that you never see this as a burden which really allows me to feel very secure with you. I know I never need to hold feelings back, which I think has positive cycles for me where I then feel less of a need to be reassured by you. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so satisfying to help make relaxed maybe with some treats and a calm situation. There are a few really nice reasons for this. One of your superpowers is making regular things feel exciting, and relaxing is the same. It can feel so exciting to sit and look, or have a tea on a sofa and a nap. And so it feels so rewarding to help provide this. The other reason it’s so nice is because there is no part of it that feels lazy. Maybe it’s connected - because it’s conscious and special it isn’t an act of laziness, but rather a concerted effort. And what’s kind of amazing to me, is I really think you live your life like this. It isn’t something you just do for special occasions. It’s so perfect that routine or accessible pleasures are made so precious ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are too precious to joke about being a swindler. When talking about it earlier, I was getting quite into the joke. Part of me likes the idea of just being controlled, possibly in a sort of fetishy way, possibly just in a lazy way. But it’s Hollywood, it’s fake, and it’s distant. Playing around with this idea is a little violent in anything other than a joke. Because you mustn’t be anything other than my equal friend or the whole dynamic breaks down. What I feel is so precious between us is a dynamic of equals that if it were to break, then everything becomes unbalanced and wobbly ❤️
Youuuuuuuu have this really nice dynamic whereby the more communication you receive the better, and there is never too much. It is so so nice for me that you can encourage me to share more of myself and for me to know that there will be nothing I share that is wrong or undesired. I guess it is common to have this feeling “but pudding doesn’t need to know about this” or something like that when unsure whether to share something. Even about mundane things in the day. But what I really like is that I sometimes get this overriding thought “but pudding always reacts well to communication”. And it helps me a lot. It helps me a lot that you never respond “fuckoff”. And almost always respond “thank you my golden pony pie”. It makes it so nice for me to know that anything I share with you will be treated like a present ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment…) I have such a nice desire for pants of with youuuuuuu. I think part of the reason that I think about, enjoy, want pants off so much with you, is that there is so much cuddling in our pants off moments. It could be an afternoon we spend doing pants off and we’d be warming up so nicely. And so I might not always want to experience climaxing. But I basically always want to cuddle you. And that means sex becomes so much more desirable in a range of moods and moments for me. ❤️
If youuuuuuuu were in my consciousness for a day I’d feel so excited for you to feel the way I do about you. To have constant access to feeling in love and a puddle. To be in awe at you. To wake up and fall asleep feeling you close to me. And to smile a hundred times throughout the day, thinking of you. ❤️ 
If youuuuuuuuuu were in my consciousness for a day, I’d feel so excited for you to be treated the way I am by my pudding. To see the gifts that bring my happiness each day. To receive the affection, interest, and complete and utter encouragement to be myself every single day. To have the ability to interact in any way you want and receive so much openness to all of it. And to be able to demand anything in complete security. ❤️ 
If youuuuuuu were in my consciousness for the day, I’d be excited for it to be revealed to you the deepest feelings I have towards you. I’d feel so happy that you would think about commitment and see awe …well… and some arousal; or you’d think about what annoys me about you, and see nothing in a moment; or you’d search through my feelings and thoughts and memories and realise how pure my feelings are towards you ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are really nice to hang out with. Days like today are nice because we spent a lot of time just sort of hanging out together. What I like about it is a sense of free bonus time with my pudding. It’s the same as after we’ve said goodbye and decide to talk about something else. I like it for a few reasons. Because I’m even more free in these moments, to hang up, to talk about anything. There is zero script, it’s just free styling interactions. I can’t think how I’d ask about masturbating if couple lived together in some time we had planned to spend together. The other reason I like it is because I like a sense that I’m living my life with you, And to me this is soooo nice. That I can enjoy and feel great about this kind of interaction. I don’t know that I’ve had that with any friend or romantic partner before. I think basically everyone else in my life I’d like very contained social situations and then to be left alone. But with you, my pudding, I want to be phoned and kissed and asked for attention all day ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu always make me feel understood at the end of a conversation. I wonder if one of the things you do is that if there is something that we haven’t quite come to alignment on, you might say “mmmm” to end the conversation end and you will go away and think about it. It’s quite nice for me that the conversation never ends “I don’t get it.” It’s always “I’ll be thinking about that my bear”. And it’s so nice. It means I always feel valid and like I make sense, even if what I said isn’t super clear to you ❤️
Youuuuuuu do gratitude so fucking well. I feel so appreciated for the things I am and do, maybe precisely because there isn’t a scripted thank you or polite compliment in return. Being told in a sleepy voice “it’d be nice if there were some compliments, that would be nice” is so perfect for me. It makes me feel wanted, appreciated, special for something I do. It’s the same with lot’s of other things - the gratitude comes in excitement and requests for repetition, and it’s perfect ❤️
I feel so happy thinking about how I have felt towards youuuuuuuu for the last year and a half. There is such nice consistency in some of the things I have always valued about you and some of the ways you have always treated me. Of course lots has changed too and the banana gets moulded in different ways, but whats so so nice for me is that my feelings towards you haven't been a roller coaster. I can look back at any point in time and feel affection and gratitude and awe and a feeling of luck in how you treat me, see me, and want me to be 💕💕💕
Youuuuuuuuuuu are so nice for helping build dynamics between us that are sustainable. Today is a crafts day for me and one where I'm going to seek isolation from the world. And yet, none of me wants to take a break from whatever interactions I'll have with my pudding. I think at the heart of this is that you enter all our interactions with quite low script or expectation from me and as a result I always leave feeling myself. You're also sensible in protecting energy and time and whatever we need for mental peace in how we interact. And that rubs off nicely on me, allows me to do the same, and also means I often don't have to enforce boundaries over my energy. In the big picture this is so amazing for me, it means that any interaction we have, I'll be excited and grateful for 💕💕💕
Youuuuuuuuuu allow me to push back against something you say. Its such an amazing quality. If you say something about me that doesn't resonate with me, I can say I disagree and you'll often just say "okay". I feel so secure in voicing my opinion with you because of this. We obviously have had interactions where I freeze, but for me, there are lots of moments of communication between us where I'm freer than I've ever been with anyone. 💕💕💕
Youuuuuuuu celebrate me in conversation so much. Something I have complimented loads is how you ‘react’ to me, and it’s these moments that I feel the most respect or celebration of my soul. When your instinct takes over in split moments after I’ve said something. You’re never correcting yourself after catching a moment of disrespect. What I feel from you is genuine appreciation which means that you never slip from that, because it’s true all the way through. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so good at flirting and you sprinkle magic onto the time we spend together. I really really love this new definition of flirty as creating energy between us. The same way Hollywood ruins sex, it ruins flirting. And turns out, you’re an amazing flirter. Any time that we spend together has a sense of wonder to me, and that’s because of the excitement and effort you put into making those moments flirty ❤️ 
I want youuuuuuuu inside me. When I feel this, as I feel it strongly right now, what I feel is a desire to have you as close to me as possible, spiritually. My heart wants you and wants you right on the inside. It’s such a nice feeling to have, and I have it every single day ❤️
Whats really nice for me is that I never feel differently about youuuuuuuu. I have mood swings, good days bad days, but those never ever come with a change in appreciation for my pudding. Like I'm a little bit miserable now. Just a little. I think Guillaume thoughts mostly. But what I like is that no part of me ever feels differently towards you. I will write compliments happy, sad, angry, because its always possible to access feelings of gratitude for my perfect pudding ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are so patient and forgiving. If there is something you want and I don't give it to you, you have such an "alright then skip hop skip" attitude. It makes it so nice for me. I'm never punished. It makes it feel like lots of things you ask for are a suggestion which I can indulge in or not as I wish. And for me, it means all the ways I interact with you feel free and mine ❤️🍮
One thing I like thinking about with youuuuuu, is the feeling of being friends with you in retirement. I think about this often. I really like a sense of relishing this vision of a perfect slow retirement with my pudding. Of friendship and fulfilment. Of teammates and individuals, expressing it all together. There are so many beautiful unknowns for us to find out. And all of them feel more beautiful to me, for this vision of how it will combine many years from now ❤️
Youuuuuuuu never project guilt onto me. In fact guilt is not a part of our banana, for me at all. Part of the peace I feel towards our banana is that "it is exactly what it should be" as you once said. And that means there is no pressure to do better, to be different. Part of that is caused by the lack of guilt. If we want something, we ask for it, if we don't get it, thats okay. Its nice for me because I think its an easy trap to fall into, and can be done with good intention but our interactions are much easier because we haven't ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are so consistent at keeping our communication going in lots of ways. One I want to celebrate is the "give me your butt". This is so good for keeping excitement and touch as part of our communication. I'm so grateful for it because it keeps us thinking about how we will touch when we next spend time together which is so pleasurable to anticipate but also probably important to make that moment feel good too ❤️🍮
One of the nicest things for me is that I feel close to youuuuuuuu every day. And I can decide to ramp up and listen to those feelings whenever I like. If I want to, I can think about what it would mean to marry you. I can consider all the things that I appreciate amplified and multiplied by many many years. And that's when I feel what matters to me and I feel close to you. I think of your soul, I think of your contribution to my flourishing, I think of your celebration of me. And I feel so close to you, so lucky. ❤️🍮
One of the things that is so important to my philosophy of life is that what I appreciate about youuuuuuu isn't some future potential. The things I value in you I have seen and often feel every day. Its so important because fantasy is nowhere near as fulfilling to me as the idea that I'm already living the dream. And fantasy can only be fulfilling if it is based on a continuation of me living how I currently am. And so what's so perfect for me about our banana is that the way you treat me, the way we interact, the way I feel is so beautiful. And the thing that makes me most sentimental and emotional is the idea that I am part of our banana in the way it currently functions ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are responsive to my needs in communication when we aren’t together. I started thinking and writing about what I miss when we don’t spend that much time together. But the truth is that I feel I can get anything I want from you. If I want to reflect on friendships, or the banana, or be sexy or silly or offload or listen. Spending time with you always makes me feel like a doublepuddle, but I’m so grateful that I don’t need it to feel fulfilled and to feel like you are available to me ❤️
Youuuuuuuu normalise me. I say this one a lot, but god. I think most people I spend time with, I leave feeling like I’m weird. Like I haven’t quit fit in with whatever mould or expectations they might have. And I might still feel loved and celebrated and myself, even if I come away feeling like a little bit of an odd guy. But with you, I never ever feel this. I feel myself, and celebrated and loved… but also just normal. You have such a total acceptance for me. If we go through a transition out of some honeymoon phase, which I don’t know we will, I hope this doesn’t change. I hope you always make me feel normal ❤️
Youuuuuu have such a nice philosophy that it’s okay to be sad or medium or whatever. Not in a philosophical way. But in a deep way that you live in how you respond to those around you. It makes it so so easy to be talking to you every day. I think I would try to avoid communication if I new I couldn’t be in any emotional state and know that I’d be treated exactly the same ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so sexy and attractive. I never knew what it was like to have a banana, but I think I assumed that attraction is a bit surface level excitement and isn’t sustainable or real. But the attraction and sexual desire I feel towards you increases with time. I think they are connected but separate things. The attraction I feel is the feeling when you smile, or chomp, or yawn, or are really really close to me, or I see your face for the first time and my heart just kinda stops. And the sexiness is in how nice it is to have pants off with you, I feel so much sexual desire because of the feelings for me when we kiss, cuddle, pretzel, rub. Everything is so nice that you feel so sexy to me. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so beautiful to please. There are so many aspects of it. Nothing is ever demanded, there is no cost to saying no, and so I’m free to please you however I like. You are so good at communicating pleasure and happiness which makes it so satisfying. You are so good at communicating what would please you, and then if you’re given it, you’re so grateful.  It’s all so nice for me because I get access to this beautiful reward of pleasing you, without any expectation or pressure ❤️
Youuuuuuuu make time fly by in such a magic way. Yesterday, I had no concept of time. When I’m with you, I always have this extreme feeling of presence in your company which makes time seem so different. Then the only thing that makes me realise time has past is when we’re about to leave each other, I might notice its dark, or I’m tired, or everyone else has left. I so so like that I can spend time with you where there is zero distraction and zero stimulation other than our company and it can feel so good. It always feels like I’m transported into another realm where I’m free. And I leave feeling so happy and so drunk ❤️
I feel that youuuuuuu understand the vocabulary of emotions that I might write about our banana. Like I said this week, one of the beautiful things about spending time with you is I never feel weird. And I feel like writing about our banana is one way I feel this strongly. I could tell you my man bits tingle, I’m a puddle, I could write a thousand compliments, and always I never feel weird in my reflections about the banana - because you understand or accept my feelings and thoughts so nicely ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so easy to talk to. I guess freezing up or not saying much is often conditioned by being told that what you say is wrong. But with youuuu, everything is right, it’s so nice for me that every time I say something it is okay and all you want from me is a little slice of myself ❤️
Youuuuuuuu provide such nice content for us to bond over. It could be a relationship question, something we can both laugh at, or something for us to reflect on. Its so nice for bonding because it can become part of our language and shared understanding of the world. They way I know that its purpose is for bonding is that if it doesn't interest me, we just move on to something else. You aren't trying to vent, or show off, you're trying to offer something for us to share together without pressure or expectations ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu make life so so easy for me. In all interactions. It could be planning a holiday, or reflecting on our banana, or pants off. One of the amazing things for me about spending time with you is that if something ever feels hard, I realise it doesn't have to be. And that whatever I'm capable of will be enough for you. There are times you ask for some of my soul when I feel a bit like a tortoise hiding in a shell. And then I realise I can speak from within my shell. Because its safe and enough. ❤️🍮
I think about pants off with youuuuuuuu every day. Its so amazing to me. Its such an amazing experience that it will never get tiring. Because what I seek isn't some lust which needs excitement and novelty. Its the presence and togetherness I feel with you. The feeling of cuddling with you is one of complete relaxation, complete comfort, and complete togetherness. And its beautiful to sink into this place every day ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment) Youuuuuuu tickle my thighs so so nicely. My man bits are always very tingly in these moments and very keen for you to grab them, but it’s also very very nice if you don’t because my man bits get to exist in this moment of anticipation and tingliness for a nice long time, whilst my thighs are in pure heaven ❤️
I really enjoy this feeling with youuuuuuuu when I’m sure that we have a shared sense of banana which goes against some script or someone else’s opinion. What’s so nice for me is that I feel completely in control and in ownership of the banana in those moments. It could be a conversation we have about other people’s attitudes that we don’t agree with - or someone being surprised by something we reveal about the banana. I couldn’t care less what other people think is normal or whatever, but when they reflect some surprise at our banana, or us theirs, what’s nice for me is I feel a strong sense of confidence in the banana in face of whatever norm is being presented ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so relentlessly affectionate and it’s so completely not related to my behaviour. I think this is so important for the banana. You are so unmanipulative in how and when you give me affection. I don’t know if it’s natural or conscious from you but I really don’t know of any pattern in my behaviour that would lead to you being affectionate towards me… other than asking for it. I think the key for this is that there are enough occasions that I receive a smothering or a nibble when I am totally not expecting it. These moments are so cuddly for me, but much more important it protects me from repeating certain behaviours towards you in search of withheld affection ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu often communicate that you know me in indirect ways. I feel you know that I don’t enjoy being centre of attention on celebration days, and you have acted on this in the past and I know you will in the future. It’s quite nice for me this moment of feeling known in a moment of natural action. I was thinking about Lithuania, and my new friend Nick. I just think you’ll understand me in that moment in a nice way. ❤️
The start of conversations with youuuuuuuuu are always amazing to me. I get this shocking relaxation and delight wash over me. I can be in a foul mood, ready to murder a fellow train user... and then I hear your voice and the impact it has on me is unbelievable. You represent such a beautiful and positive influence on my life that those first words always taste like nectar ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so much fun to organise events with. One hobby I'd love to do with you would be party planning. God itd be so much fun. Imagine... being tasked to organise a dogs birthday celebration... the delight of it all would be delirious and the end result I know id feel so proud of ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so creative in your humour and it makes you so shockingly funny. I think I will never get used to the way your mind creates something funny. It means that you have me belly laughing like no one else and I'm playing back jokes in my head for weeks ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so nice for having a mind to not waste money. I guess having another person involved in consumption often leads to “oh go on then” when one person off-sets their moral concerns or restraint based on a feeling of doing it with or for another person. And it’s so nice to me that you express disgust at some forms of wasteful spending. It means that I am feeling in control with my own spending and able to restrain where I like on consumption with you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu never express disappointment in me. I guess it requires a grey understanding of the banana where the other person is allowed to be themselves, to ebb and flow, to be who they want and behave in varying ways. But it’s so nice for me to never feel like I have to perform for you and that I’m always enough. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are nice for having a sense that banana friendship will be contributing to the other’s flourishing - and that this requires independence and control. I like it because if I ever feel like I’m struggling a little bit, I can appeal to this in you and take the steps required to help myself, knowing you will support them, encourage them, and accept them ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu have a nice bullshit radar which helps me feel freer to be myself. I think I will never be fake with you, there is really no point. Yesterday you asked for praise for the citizenship test, and I did have some genuine praise about how you went about the process of learning and boundaries you set, and how you involved me in the process, and curiosity about what it meant for your identity. I think maybe you wanted excitement too, but I didn’t really have any of that from the sofa of depression I was sitting on. I thought about trying to perform some excitement, but I knew it’d feel forced and your bullshit radar wouldn’t want it - so I just sent whatever I had inside me, knowing that would ultimately be enough ❤️
Right now I’m grateful for youuuuuuu protecting me like a golden pony in conversations about growth and bonding which might have felt scarier if not for that attitude; I’m excited to spend time with youuuuuuu, together; and I’m excited to keep learning with and from youuuuuuu
God I love youuuuuuu my pie ❤️ And I think I sometimes feel it most on days like today. I’m not super happy or excited or giddy today (or super aroused… for now…), just a day of getting through the day feeling a fair amount of purposelessness and disconnection in my world, I’m fine and calm and easy, but you know, just fine. But then, if loving is an action; of commitment to another’s flourishing - there is so so much in me that wants to do that for you. I want to journal, and practice conversation, to discuss our future and improve the banana. I want to be supportive and flexible and kind and giving to you. I want to listen, understand, laugh, grow, pat. I want to improve my mood for when I see you, to work on myself and arrive at that time with ease of mind. I want to take up hobbies, find financial security, write to the Royal Mail. If love is “the will to extend oneself for the purpose of nurturing one’s own or another’s spiritual growth.” - then I feel full of it for the ways which I know to love you. Full to the brim. Unapologetically, without a receipt, knowing that absolutely nothing is demanded of me. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu are good at explaining yourself and making me feel understood in conversations about how we interact in our banana. I think this is something I feel has become easier between us too. I think I understand a little more about one specific aspect of these conversations - that it is really important for me to share my side of things. I think I used to think that a discussion about something you wanted to improve between us was about you feeling heard and me agreeing and understanding. But actually, one key to these moments is for me to share how I see it so that we both grow more understanding. I remember the discussion about when I asked if you wanted pants off in a way that was disrespectful we maybe had 4 hours of conversations over two days before you said “now you need to explain yourself”. And I think that changed how I saw these conversations, and what it is that I need to contribute to them - which is not passive agreement and acceptance. So I feel grateful to have learnt that from you, and grateful that you respond so so well to those moments. You often use “that’s fair” when I explain my side of things. And it’s so encouraging and nice for me. I immediately feel understood and accepted in a very normal and calm way. ❤️ 
One of the many things I like about pants off with youuuuuuuu, is that I feel I never need to plan or anticipate it. I really really like this state of constant arousal and pleasure, without scheduling or building up my desire. And the reason I feel I don’t need to is because when we spend time together we build desire through touch so much and so easily. I’m getting tingly thinking about it. Oooh very tingly… And so every time we are together I feel desire for you. There isn’t a single time, I don’t think, that we have spent together in the last year that hasn’t involved touching and cuddling. So I’m always perfectly warmed up whenever we feel we want to have pants off. Tonight we will spend time together and we will be hugging and kissing and holding hands, and I will feel so aroused through all of it ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel so secure. There were lots of things this last week which are kinda remarkable to me in making feel secure in your treatment of me. Could be the idea of wearing a ring, or how you responded in the conversation about conversations, the way you attitude comes across in so many interactions is just so much about holding me close ❤️ 
There is nothing better for me than this feeling of walking home with youuuuuuuu. It’s bonus pudding time. I’ve already had all of pudding time I could dream of, then I get to enter this magical space of giggles and chatter when I’ve been all cuddled like a potato. These moments are easily among my favourites of the time we spend together. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu respond so nicely to whatever I give you in terms of bonding material. The other day when you asked what I hadn’t said yet but I wanted to, and I just listed a couple of things - this was such a massively satisfying interaction for me. And they all feel like that. I can contribute whatever, like really whatever, I feel is important to me. And you gobble it up so nicely to me ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment…) Youuuuuuuu are so good for creating situations where touching is an activity which expands many different forms of touching. Yesterday was so satisfying for me, for all of it. And the feeling I get is that we spent a few hours touching. For me it’s so nice. And the you sticking your nose in my belly button is just as beautiful as any other moment. It’s inkeeping with the spirit of the moment which is to enjoy and lean into touching each other ❤️
Youuuuuuuu, my perfect puddingpie, have such a nice understanding of bonding. I feel so lucky that you create and understand bonding between us in the way you do. Spending time with you always makes me feel close to you, you create such nice conditions and ideas for bonding. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu hold me in such a nice space in your mind. I really don't know I've ever felt resentment or bitterness from you. You have such a good attitude that its an active and important role for someone to play to maintain that protection, and I feel I benefit from it so so much ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so happy to receive what you ask for. It could be anything, to be treated, touched, gifted, something or in some way. Its one of your superpowers. Its so nice for me because it means that I never feel a building of stress or guilt or concern over something you want from me, because I know you will make it very easy for me and will be satisfied and grateful when you receive it ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu haha, you feel like such such peace to me. I’ve never had someone in my life that I can recharge with. The idea of spending 4 hours socialising, then spending time with someone else in a way that recharges me quicker than if I was alone is amazing. I feel more relaxed with you than any other situation and it’s amazing for me ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so nice to host with for so many reasons, it’s fun bonding between us, I think we each contribute our own things which are complimentary and work well, I really like how you treat me in these situations. I feel if I ever fail socially, you pick up the energy and help me out so nicely. ❤️ 
I’m so happy I get to see youuuuuuu tomorrow morning my puddingpie ❤️ I have this feeling right now like I get to wake up next to you, like the first feeling in the morning will be “my pudding” and there is nothing more beautiful to my heart. I might even whisper “I love you”, as I wake up. This deep feeling that I always want more is so amazing ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so crazy to me for making me really always wanting more pudding ❤️ It’s such a nice feeling, to spend all day with you quite intensely and be gutted to leave and wanting more and more ❤️ I know I need to be careful because if I’m very tired then I might not make pudding feel so good and attended and connected, but the thing is I’m so selfish and I just want more pudding. Just want more. And more and more ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu make me smile on the inside so much. You know how your jaw can hurt from laughing sometimes? that’s how my inside feels. It’s just been smiling all day and is all stretched from smiling. It’s like a feeling of my organs all running on nectar, I just feel so comfortable and at ease and happy deeply on the inside, right. In. There ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu just make me feel so lucky for the way you treat me. I’m so real and normal and safe and protected and comforted, it’s so insane to me. I feel I never knew the definition of these words before. I never knew it was possible to feel so comfy in a way that feels pure and good to me. Comfort is often associated with the slipping of standards for me, but the comfort I feel with you is something totally different. It’s just complete acceptance in a way that is so so precious to me❤️
I can’t get over this feeling of never having enough of youuuuuuu. I just want to eat you and be inside you and be eaten by you. It’s so so nice that I finish every interactions with you excited for the next ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu are the best to spend empty time with ❤️ I could do it for hours and days and weeks and months and years. The balance of conversations and comfort and serious and play. God. Give it to me ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so so easy to have serious conversations with. I’ve said this before but it’s so amazing for me. I feel we will be able to talk about anything and that, in the moment, I will be so respected and attended and protected. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu have such an amazing way of responding to my emotional range. I met you feeling like a grump ‘stressed and deflated’. And I feel like with anyone else it could have spiralled. But you just accepted it and I feel such a deep sense of “it’s okay” and then within 10 minutes, I’m breathing and calm and relaxed. ❤️
Youuuuuuu are very good at listening or seeing my side of our interactions. If there is ever a situation of “I feel this…” “well maybe I can explain because I feel this…” You are so good at just accepting it, letting it sink in, and giving it space and respect. I always feel in these moments that I’m being treated too well. Like I deserve to be told “stop defending yourself, not good enough, just be better” and instead the message I receive is “Oh, thank you, we’ve got this” ❤️
Youuuuuuuu never criticise me. Language you use to convey something that feels unpleasant is never critical, blaming, or shaming. I often repeat the information back to you using blaming language against myself and you always correct me. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu always feel good to me. Like really always. Because your impact on me is one of liberation and ease, there is no mood or moment or situation where I don’t feel good to be with you. ❤️ 
I really mean that if we stopped smooching there’d be no judgemental things to say that I haven’t said about youuuuuuuuuu. If I was under an ocean talking to fishies, or if I was whispering things to you in a different language, I’d really have nothing but positive things to say about you. I’d really enjoy you being in my mind for a day to feel it all. ❤️
It was so nice writing about youuuuuuur personality. I really enjoyed having a buffet of options to think and appreciate and write about. I often feel when thinking about the kind of things I wrote about, that I’m very lucky about a lot of your personality traits and that we wouldn’t get on so nicely at all if you weren’t who you are. And I think about the first period of gloom, when you’d say things like “if you can build glue with anyone, then why me”. Anyway, I just feel very lucky. Because I didn’t know at all what personality traits I might need for a pudding to have, and think the ways yours help me is so nice ❤️
When I think of a threshold of time and understanding and trust to marry with youuuuuu, one of the things I feel is a sense that the ultimate thing you could offer me is the same. There will always be another thing to develop between us. When you said you never feel fully connected to me, and I responded "that's okay" it was in this mindset that we will always be able to be closer. And that is okay and that is beautiful. But the feeling i have, is that if you offer me the same, that we will be closer. We will reflect and protect and work in a way that means we are always closer tomorrow than today. And so I feel I haven't fully worked out what our script of marriage will be with you, but I feel that our process of bonding and relating is one I never want to change ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu make my soul so happy in so many ways. One way is that if I have a need, it is taken seriously and I am so rewarded for saying it. You have no idea how much re-training this is taking for me. It’s not dramatic, it’s liberating and easy - just very different for me and feels a little unnatural at times. All my life, my feedback would be to suppress my thought about weddings or honeymoons or living together; suppress my feeling that I was wanting more pudding time; suppress a question about whether you think I am blind to my privilege. I feel so good right now, and you do that to me so consistently. I think it’s so nice for me in our banana because small thoughts that might not feel so comfy don’t ever need to spiral, there is never any reason for something to be eating away at me. I think this is so important and works as such a protection against bruised bananas ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu have no idea what being called “your potato” does to me. Every single time. It’s such an honour. I really like the idea of us getting married and I feel I understand the jubilation of that moment because of how I feel when you call me your potato. You mouthed it today as I was returning from my bike and it was a dagger of profound joy and meaning to my soul. Yesterday too, I was unsure of texting vibes and asked if I was in trouble and you responded calling me your garden potato. It feels so serious in such a nice way. I guess being called a potato is silly, but the meaning is so the opposite and it hits me every single time ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so so so easy to be in love with ❤️ I’ve said this before but it’s so unbelievable to me. I get such a constant buzz that is supported by seriousness, flirting, bonding, learning, laughing all so beautifully and easily and intensely. I think Hollywood might present a form of love that requires suffering and hurt in order to achieve. And I definitely assumed that was necessary. And maybe it is in the very long run. But in this moment it’s just so nice for me, how easy it is to feel deeply in love with you. ❤️ 
(Bonus sex compliment…) Pants off with youuuuuuu has me so tingly on the inside of my mind. Pants off is nice for so many reasons with you, but one of the things that makes it so relaxed and comfortable is that I’m not at all thinking about my man bits during the first bits of pants off. My excitement and arousal is in my mind and my presence in the moment, not about some sensation in my bits. It’s so nice for me, because I guess maybe what I’d have expected before you is to be always thinking about my man bits and how assertive they were being, and judging my arousal based on their status. But with you I feel so so so into it that my man bits can do whatever, I couldn’t care less, they’ll be happy because I am.
Youuuuuuuuu are so beautifully romantic my puddingpie ❤️ There are so many aspects about the way you do romance that I’m grateful for. I am so lucky for the rhythm of your romance. I receive it so regularly, so assertively, and so consistently. I am so lucky for your style of romance. Romance has, I guess, got the potential for very disparate and disconnected feelings, if one person is leaning into a vision of reality that doesn’t feel great. But I have never felt that from you. Your romantic visions of potatoes and retirement are always pure to me and make me melt. And then I’m so lucky for your attitude to romance. Which maybe I get the same vibe as I do with you from pants off. It is important to our banana, but there must be comfort, it must be nice, it must be easy. We can do romance however we like to. 💕💕💕
There are a million things about youuuuuuu that make it possible for me to build a banana with you which keeps me a happy little chipolata. One is that, when there is a moment that I communicate any slight feeling of being badly treated your reaction is so immediate and so strong towards protecting me. I remember when you called me evil, and I had this moment knowing I had to communicate that I wasn’t happy about it. I did, and you make it so easy for me. You always do. Any tiniest moment of communication about something negative and you’re so quick to protect me, find my side of things, and meet me there. This is one of so so many things that makes it easy for me to be myself and to be a happy little chipolatato ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu have such a rejuvenating feeling to me. I think I always finish spending time with you feeling completely fresh. Like I’ve soaked up some of the purest oxygen and now I’m full of life. It’s so wild to me. And I knew yesterday that I needed a little bit more interacting to get this feeling. And I knew what it would take is sitting and talking. And it worked. It’s so unbelievably nice for me ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel team mated on such a regular basis. I feel your attitude to our banana is deeply about finding win wins, which means whenever we talk about it I have such a nice feeling that you're on my side. I'm never disregarded or sidelined. I feel so puddly so often because I get this feeling anything we talk about or anything I think about, you will approach with an attitude which makes me feel with you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are unbelievable at being creative with flirting. I have a sense that every smooch is different, like snowflakes, each perfect, each new. But another reason i feel we have definitely not smoothed all the ways it is possible is because you are so consistent and so creative in coming up with ways for us to giggle and bond and flirt together. I have no idea what the next smoochie situation will be, but I know it will be a perfect snowflake ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu feel so soft to me. If I close my eyes and feel you, all of the emotions and feelings and images are so soft. Its a combination of the emotional security I feel, the warmth of all emotions, and the feeling of comfort, relaxation and ease that I associate with you. It means that when I close my eyes, as I often do in the morning, and just feel you in my heart, it feels like I'm rolling in velvet. It becomes physical. A sense of softness with my pudding ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu make everything work on the inside of me. When we spend time, I'm happy on the inside. When we pants off, I'm aroused on the inside. When we discuss the banana, I'm held on the inside. These things are so nice, because they are so much more enduring. I could be aroused now or tomorrow or on a train or because I'm aroused on the inside by my pudding. The same I can tap into feelings of happiness and affection and melting like a puddle of butter, because my inside holds them for me. I don't need to react to you to feel things, they're nuzzled right in there ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are such a positive in my life that hearing your voice does crazy things to my body. I physically loosen and relax; I smile immediately; and I feel lighter physically. It’s such a physical sensation of delight and ease. ❤️ 
I feel at such peace with the banana, and almost all of that is because I feel comfortable talking to youuuuuuuu about it. It’s so so crucial to me and I feel so lucky that if I ever express something about the way we interact it is treated with kindness, seriousness and nothing but the intention to understand what I’m thinking or feeling ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so much fun to share interest in something with. I feel very lucky to share hobbies with you because the things we share interest in are so satisfying in how we interact over them. I so appreciate that it always has an element of deep humour and laughing; but it also always has an element of revealing ourselves to each other. And this is satisfying intrinsically and then even more so because you eat up whatever expression of self I want to give. There is a trial going on publicly today about people that cut down a tree and the whole nation thought it was a scandal. This will be so satisfying to delve into together. Just like anything. ❤️
The thing that makes me tingly is always more connection with youuuuuuuu. You asked my why is was tingly, it wasn't about popping you in a bed. It was the idea of spending time with you 💕💕💕
One of the things that always feels so nice with youuuuuuuuu my puddlepie, is that when I'm about to spend time with people not in your company there is no part of me that feels excited by that. I'm always most liberated with you and never feeling like I want any kind of break. Always want more pudding ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu my little drop of puddlepopppp, help me understand and help me try to do actions of sharing myself with you. I think it has never been anything other than better to share with you. It helps me loads because I might have lots of experiences which tell me to hide some things - but my experiences with you override that feeling ❤️
More generally with youuuuuuuuuu, there are moments where I feel like the way you treat me is pushing back on an expectation of punishment. I guess people in my inner circle usually use that to punish me in moments where they don’t like my behaviours. But I basically never get this from you. And it’s so nice for me. It’s also so lucky because I think it could be a slippery slope towards manipulation ❤️
God youuuuuu feel so good to me, my pie. I feel so amazing when I pick up the phone to you. Part of it is a feeling of total control. I feel totally like I can control the interaction however I need. I can place a boundary over time content vibe. I can set expectations. Maybe this isn’t ideal and it means I feedback to you something too boundaried and containing on your ability to raise certain topics. But it has its benefits to me. I like that I can always feel comfortable interacting with you because I can share that I’m feeling anything, want to talk about anything, needing anything and it will be okay and it will allow me to be myself ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are always so nice to talk about bananas with because I think we rarely hold different values towards bananas and when we do it feels very natural to approach with curiosity, to understand how it impacts what we are doing together. I know you want us to talk about other things more to broaden our shared understandings and protect against a world in which the banana becomes less interesting to talk about. But I really like that when we talk about what romantic relationships do and why and what ideals we might have, it feels aligned often, and understanding always ❤️
One of the things I appreciate about youuuuuuuur personality is your understanding and implementation of fairness. I find it very easy to appeal to fairness in our dynamics because I think you are very quick to accept that something is fair or reasonable even if it goes against your preferences. This is one of the many ways that it becomes much much easier for me to impose myself on our interactions. Because I know what you will find reasonable and also that this reason will be high in your rationalising of my behaviour. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are have very achievable demands of me. If you are feeling like you want something from me, it is always so so within what I consider an acceptable and easy demand. You might ask me to think about something, or to give you some time and attention, maybe a little present, or a particular walkie. I think, for me, there are two really important things to maintain. The first is that I want to do things for you and for the banana. You know you can ask for things because I have a belief that giving time and effort to the banana is so important, and I find it fulfilling and satisfying to do that, and I prove that by being consistent in giving you the things you like or ask for. Then the other piece of the magic pie, is that if I feel I don’t want to do something, I can communicate it to you in a safe way - so that you won’t feel rejected because of all the other interactions we have over giving - and so that I am received with acceptance and affection when I communicate this. I feel some of our conversations about the future are thinking about this dynamic of you needing something, me not giving it to you, but in a way that isn’t satisfying or safe anymore. And so I hope we can appeal to the win wins of banana-shining, to encourage us to keep what I think we mostly have now, of a safe dynamic where you receive the things you like, and I am able to decline in a safe way. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu create beautiful beautiful understandings of the people you are loyal to. I guess I experience a few people mostly through your description of them. Could be Anna, Sopuru, Vanessa, or a little bit myself too. It’s something I have always really liked in you because I think it shows how you treat people and protect friendships in a revealing way. And I love the way you describe me too. What I feel in your creation of me, and the others, is so much warmth and so much realism too. There can be moments of neutral or criticism - but they fit within this warm and cherished version of the person ❤️
Something I think about when I’m feeling lucky to have my pudding, youuuuuuuu perfect pop of puddlepie. Is the difference in attitude we had about whether you can build glue with anyone. And what I’m thinking about is probably something slightly different. What I’m thinking about is the creation of a happy banana. And I just feel so lucky because I think the way you are and the way you see things and the way you treat me is so specific and so specifically nice for me. And I just think the chances of me finding a pudding for whom that is true is so so slim and even slightly different and none of the banana could be made in a way that I feel good about. And so, I have an attitude of belief in people, in belief in the connection that any two people can create. And I have a belief that I can play a beautiful part in that, and through communication, create the conditions for bonding. But I also feel so foolish. Like what an idiot. I didn’t know what I needed was such a specific mix of experiences and attitudes and knowledge. You are such a perfect pudding, my pie. And I am so damn lucky. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu make me feel awe at normalcy. There are times when I feel comfy and normal in our interactions and I just feel such awe at the absurdity of that. That and evening under the stars, or a phone call the lasts for hours, or walkies where I feel like I’m floating just feels normal. It’s so rediculous to me that such euphoria and bliss has become a regular part of my life ❤️
When I am on walkies with youuuuuuu I really feel like one of those dogs you point at saying "aren't they having such a good time". Because everything is so nice for me. There is space for conversation and cuddling and playing and I'm doing something I like to do. 🍮❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu make me feel so understood. I really really really like extended conversations with you. And I love phone calls but there is something nice about them in person because the rhythm is slightly easier but mostly because there is just so much communication that is missed over the phone. I would so love to live in the wilderness with you and just indulge in conversation in such a moreish way ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu make me feel so celebrated. If we ever talk about me I feel so nicely held in those conversations. I think one key to it is never mocking eachother. Itd be such a normal part of conversations for me growing up but I think it has no benefit and I think we would be wise to never mock eachother ❤️🍮
One of the best things about sex with youuuuuuu, is that I feel in a constant state of sexuality. It is so easy to have pants off with you because I’m always having pants off with you. All the time we spend together and apart is sprinkled with sex in a way that makes me feel that we’re constantly having pants off. It doesn’t start or end in the bedroom, it’s all of our interactions ❤️
Pants off with youuuuuuuu feels like sinking into a world of pleasure. There is something about the comfort and pleasure and intimacy of it that gives me the sensation of sinking. Like I’m somewhere deeper, in some other form of consciousness. I might finally understand spirituality through pants off with my puddingpie ❤️
One of the things I think I’ve learnt from youuuuuuuu is to think about my own wellbeing through the lens of that being necessary for the flourishing banana. One of the attitudes I hold quite close is a sense that win wins and wants and needs aren’t about conflict but about understanding and protecting the banana. And I think of a few moments where you’ve described something at length to me which I thought was going to be an antagonising experience, until you made me understand and realise that it was in the best interest of the banana. ❤️
Pants off with youuuuuuuu my pudding pie, is nice for me because it has been a great experience every single time. What I really like, is I feel zero pressure. I think what makes sure that it’ll be a great experience every single time, is I feel totally comfortable to say if it might not be. And so, there is no risk because there is no consequence. ❤️
Pants off with youuuuuuuuuu my pudding pie, feels unbelievable every time. I know that I can think of pants off, I can try to feel the sensations and remember pants off with my pudding, but that, the next time we have naked time, I will have never known such pleasure. My man bits are so lucky and so happy for all pants off situations with you ❤️
Pants off with youuuuuuuuuu, my puddingpie, is so nice because I feel we have a similar energy. I always feel with you and in a similar mood to you. I imagine we are both reacting and mirroring each other in ways that means, at least for me, it never feels like I’m at odds with how you are. Which means the experience feels very together for me ❤️
Pants off with youuuuuuuu is so nice for the range of pants off that we do so regularly. Could be a deep kissie, or some holding of some bits, or pretzeling, or texting about arousal. What I like about it is that it is all equally important. I like that it all feels that it is given time. And I like that all of it is safe and all of it is open to communication.❤️
Naked pants off with youuuuuuuu, my pie, is so nice for the hours after. Something that I really like about having pants off at my flat is that it will be followed by walking you home. And I get bonus time with pudding whilst I’m feeling good and gooey and so so cuddled. The hours after pants off always feel so nice for me, with graphs and giggles and skips and hops. ❤️
Pants off with youuuuuuuuuu is nice because it can reflect the full range of our interactions. It can be silly and giggly and cute and funny, it can be important and something we try to understand from the others’ perspective. I like that it isn’t a separate thing that we behave differently about than any other aspect of the banana ❤️
Pants off with youuuuuuuu feels so effortless. If I'm ever like a dolphin, I never notice. I'm never tired or working or struggling. Because I know my comfort is important to you, there would never be a time I don't make sure I'm comfy ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so satisfying to wake up thinking about. Maybe I’m aroused, maybe I’m remembering a moment we shared, maybe I’m dreaming about a future. But it’s always so deeply satisfying and safe an happy ❤️
Something I appreciate about youuuuuuuuu, is that I feel we have a good way of discussing the banana together. I feel the concepts, the language, the emotions all make sense to me in a way that makes it really easy, satisfying and available to me. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu melt my heart every single day. I feel numb and empty today, just ready for it to be over and for some purpose tomorrow as I failed to motivate myself to feel alive. And yet, here I am, writing compliments, feeling numb, yet still melting at the thought of you. Melting at the idea of what banana we have created, how we have done it. Melting at the idea of your voice, of spending next weekend with you, of a tube with a smile on it, of co-parenting with you, at learning from you. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu never make me feel guilty. For anything. I think I play a role too, I try to choose not to feel guilty, in order to preserve our banana. But you make it so easy for me. I think the requests for “more” can only work because of this. Because I know I won’t be pressured or made to feel bad for who I am. That I can act how I like and that will be enough ❤️
Are youuuu, happy for me to create a 4 person WhatsApp group, to communicate our a) desire to be in Copenhagen these dates and b) desire for a contained situation with the Danes
When I think about commuting to a future with youuuuuuuu, I have this deep sense that all I could ever dream of is the same attitude towards our banana than you've had this past 18 months. If I think of potential stresses and moments of discomfort, I find so much calm in the feeling that you will approach them having my back and I will feel together through whatever ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu respect my opinions and ideas. One of the things that helps me to act and be myself is that I feel I could explain myself and you would respect my point of view. I never feel like I have to overly convince you, or that you agree to something just for the sake of appeasing me. And so I have a nice sense that I can share a view with you and you will give it weight and consideration ❤️🍮
One of the things I like about our banana is its consistency. And youuuuuuuu help protect that in a few nice ways. I always feel so nicely held when you're traveling. Interactions aren't overlooked, I'm included in what you do, and I have access to you in the same way I might otherwise. More than that, you find ways to bond over the situation. But the thing I'm appreciating in this moment is that I never have to "miss you" or "catch up" because we have ways of relating which are consistent ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu have nice attitudes to time which I have borrowed in thinking about the banana. I can't remember what you used it for, but you have said a couple of times "its fine, we have thousands more opportunities" when thinking about something between us. I use this a lot in my head when thinking about holidays, presents, compliments. There will be more and so, we can work with feedback, reflection, improvement, its all beautiful ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu, my pudding bumblepiee, add so much magic to every single one of my days. Interactions with you just mean that I smile so much. If I could count my daily smiles my life, it would have spiked 18 months ago and stayed that way. There are so many things you do that make it so. One of them is cute shit. I could eat for breakfast lunch and dinner being called a horsey horse, or being sent a gif of a cats ear being chewed, or being told I’m your popworld. I remember you not really being sure if I was into cute shit or just turned it on for you, but I love it. And want it always ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu, my perfect puddingpop, are so good at finding ways to make yourself excited about something. It’s such a superpower of yours and I’ve said this before, but I think it’s so powerful. To be able to find excitement in a bus journey, a salad, a nap. All objectively brilliant things, but you have a way of amplifying the excitement. It’s contagious, it’s so functional, and it’s wise ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so easy for me to feel safe and relaxed with because of so many things. But one, is that I know so well, that if I felt bad about something, I would be so well treated by sharing it. It’s total magic. Because it means if it happens I can say “eyyy” without any issue. But much more magic than that, other situations that aren’t yet making me feel bad, but maybe have the potential too, become so much easier. I can be my true self because I’m not scared that I’m about to be made to feel bad. If that happens, it’s no problem, I just say. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu are so nice for any moment I feel like I'm building some thoughts in my head. There has never been a moment where I've said something and felt that I shouldn't have. And like then it works both ways. If I say something I don't fear it, but if I don't say something, I also know that this was a positive decision, not one made out of fear. It keeps my mind such a nice place of thoughts that are either important and said, or disregarded happily ❤️🍮
There are many things that happen in my life which make me think of youuuuuuuuu my puddingpie. One of them is anything poetic. Okay, its really just anything. But poetry makes me think of you strongly. Its because you so nicely combine to me beauty and thought. Every day is something beautiful and something provocative. And so when I have this combination happen in my life, it makes so much sense to think of my puddingpie ❤️🍮
Spending time with youuuuuuuuuu is so nice because there is no obvious pattern to how it will feel. Most interactions I have with other people will feel fine, then good, then bad with 70 minutes. But with my pudding, the energy can flow forever, or brightly at the start, or it can grow. I think part of what makes it this way is that I find it very possible with you to reshape an interaction in a new way that I want it to go. ❤️🍮
Something I really appreciate about youuuuuuuu, is that indulging in something is never shamed. Nothing we do, I feel guilt over and it makes everything feel so pure and easy in my conscience. We will have such an indulgent day together on Saturday, resting and breathing and cuddling. But the way you navigate it, with intention and excitement and protection of what feels good - means that there is nothing but bliss. It’s quite rare for me. I’d say most things for me that feel good have some guilt attached in some way. But you avoid that in such a nice way for me ❤️
Youuuuuuu feel so unbelievably good to me pie ❤️ Sometimes on days like today it’s even more obvious. When I’m very tired or a little low in places - every inch of pudding feels amazing to every inch of potato. ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
One of the things I appreciate about youuuuuu. Is that I think we share a sense of underlying banana ideals. Sometimes we have different scripts or wants but I think in terms of fundamentals in communication, honesty, treatment, respect, relationship to self, I find it very easy to talk about relationships generally with you because of a shared understanding ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu make my insides feel like they’re sitting in the right places. Talking to you and spending time with you relaxes my insides. It’s actually really physical feeling. And now I’m left with this feeling that all my organs are all working nicely because everything feels nice after speaking to my pudding pie ❤️ 
Something I like about youuuuuu my pieeee is that the combination of attitudes and personality you have makes new situations with you always so nice. I feel so little pressure from you, so little unreasonableness, so much giving, so much listening and understanding. It just means that put me in a stressed out situation, or somewhere new, or needing to make a quick decision and I feel so good about how those interactions with you go. I think there is no chance for us to have a bad time picking each other up from an airport because of it. It’s a small example but I think really important to feel that our interactions will be kind, productive, protective in all moments ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so grateful. I feel I need to re-iterate this one every now and then because of feedback James gave you. I was thinking today that you are the person I know most in the world who expresses their gratitude so sincerely and so vocally. I felt nice receiving your text of gratitude this morning - but your super power is in communicating the joy that things give you with such sincerity - or about the things you appreciate more broadly. I feel so appreciated as a potato to you in how I treat you and who I am. ❤️
Sex with youuuuuuuuuu feels like a perfect fairground ride because I can control absolutely everything, and then there is also this feeling of it driving me. It’s so nice for this balance for me. And it’s only possible because of your attitude to sex that everything feels like I can control with any kind of subtle or blunt communication, but nothing feels like effort, nothing feels like I have to peddle the fairground ride. Maybe it’s a weird metaphor, but it’s just so nice for me to feel like I’m not putting any force into pants off, but that everything is also being controlled by me ❤️ 
Sex with youuuuuuuuuu is unbelievable for the sensations. All the sensations are just mind-blowing to me every time. I can’t describe how satisfying it is to go down on you, or hold your lady bits, or be held by you. The sensations are so mind-blowing, and I can fully enjoy them because emotionally I’m safe, relaxed, myself. Every time, the sensations are so so nice, and it’s every single touch that feels that way. The first kiss, the cuddles at the end, the kissies just as one of us climaxes, the way you hold my man bits. It’s all unbelievable to me every time. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so good at building excitement for sex without any pressure. God it’s so nice for me that you are communicating that you might like more pants off later on, on Saturday, but I feel completely free to have pants off, or not, however I feel. I feel so nicely aroused all the time, so excited for pants off, and so so so like I don’t have to perform anything for you ❤️
Sex compliments for youuuuuuuu are so easy to write because the feelings and sensations are so intense and the underlying feeling I had is so nice to write about.  It means I have a lot of content available to me about everything feeling nice and everything feeling nice on the inside ❤️
Sex with youuuuuuuuu is so much like a cuddle. Physically, there is so much softness and kindness, and emotionally it feels very very together. And it sums to this amazing feeling that I’ve just been lying down with you cuddling ❤️ 
My man bits feel so so so nice in youuuuuuuuur hands. You have so much magic in you, but every singly way you hold or touch my man bits feels unbelievable. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuuu have such a good attitude to pants off and it reflects in you never saying something negative to me. I think you quite strongly want me to be comfortable, be myself, do what feels nice for me. And it means you’ve never given me negative feedback, or tried to correct me. I think you could if you wanted to and it’d be perfectly fine, but I also think the reason you haven’t is because you have this attitude that you want me to feel comfy doing what I like ❤️
I have daily awe about youuuuuuuuuu. Every day, these days. I'll think about marriage. And just get lost in this feeling of "imagine." "Imagine how lucky I would be". Its such a nice combination of reminding me of my luck and preciousness of pudding whilst slipping into romance and puddles 💕
Youuuuuuuuu are really easy to navigate emotions with in conversation because I just never have to do anything other than be myself and honest. It’s so nice for me that I can tell I’m grumpy because xyz, without any fear that we’re about to escalate. It just makes every conversation calmer because I don’t think I will ever feel like it’s possible to be trapped or that there is something I need to avoid saying, feeling, discussing. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so satisfying to discuss marriage with. It’s nice because I get a double whammy of satisfaction. First I get to puddle over the feeling of being married to my puddingpie. And second, I get to bond over shared understandings. Two nibbles for the price of one ❤️ 
I feel a little too tired to talk about commitment my pie, but youuuuuuuu make me feel quite secure in your treatment and feelings towards me that I think however that conversation goes when we have it, I can approach it with curiosity and honesty without worrying too much that your behaviour or treatment depends on me saying something you want to hear. It’s nice for me because I feel I build trust with you every time. ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuuu are so good at maintaining affection towards me. I think you so so rarely have allowed stress or anything to let you treat me as anything other than your precious potato you love and cherish. It’s so so nice for me. Consistency in behaviour and emotions is something that people often describe in me - and then frame themselves as the opposite or not that at all. But I really really like that every day, you will shower me with affection, regardless. ❤️ 
Something that happens with a mix of youuuuuuuuur consistency in treatment towards me, and your visions of the future, your aims of commitment, and your attitude to the banana… is that I get such a nice feeling being able to soak in a sense of security with you. I so often just sit in such a nice feeling thinking about futures, or your affection, or the way we overcome entanglements. I never ever need to feel worried or insecure because I have so many examples where you have proven that you are consistent in who you want to be for the potato ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuuuu are so so nice in balancing the serious with the silly. Both allow the other to be enjoyed, if everything was silly or everything serious, the dynamic and interactions would be much more difficult. I feel so much into the silliness after some seriousness too. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuuuu feel so close to me from the minute I wake up in the morning my pie. You are right next to me, on top of me, in meeee. Waking up is such a sensation these days. I wake up and I feel all the things I’m used to… light hitting my eyes, pillow on my neck, duvet somewhere around me, and then…. Ugh god… pudding in my hearrrrttt ❤️ 
There are two ways I appreciate the bonding I feel two youuuuuuuu which I didn't get to mention on the phone this morning. The first is through things we have learnt together. One of the things that makes my bond to you feel special is that a lot of the way I understand the world or what matters has been shaped with you in the last two years. And so in this way, my bonds to everyone else are also experienced through you. We have developed languages and understandings together that shape how I see friendship and love and employment and parenthood and and and... so my bond to you feels special because it reflects and changes who I am. ❤️🍮
The other way my bond to youuuuuuuu feels special is that ways that you are, independent of me, make me feel so lucky to have had the chance to create bonds with you. Your personality, attitudes, behaviours feel so magic to me. And its a million things... Its how you reflect about friendship, or need alone time, or enjoy silliness, or celebrate humans, or like cuddling, or discuss things in emotionally calm ways, or like thousands of kissies, or understand personalities, or don't waste money... I will write a long letter one day where I try to spell out absolutely everything about you and why it feels totally magic in the way it makes bonding to you special and beautiful for me. But this was my thought on the bike on my way in. My bond to you also feels special because of the different things of how we have learnt and grown together and how that shapes me and because of who you are, independent of me. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are really always on my mind. Like really I always feel you and think of you. Its nice to me that this is quite intense but it just feels nice. Often you ask me for a reflection and I can't think. But I have had 30 thoughts about you each day. But it feels so easy and so trouble-free is what is so remarkable about it to me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuuu have such accessible demands or standards for me. I guess I spent my life chasing some parental approval stuff. What is nice about you is that I'm only ever validated. I don't think I've ever felt like you've asked me to be better than I am. If you ask for more, it is just in quantity, I'm always enough ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are an unbelievable kisser. It isn't a compliment of your soul but I closed my eyes to think of you and I just thought of kissing you and my word. Being "one kiss away" from arousal is always the case because very kiss is so amazing ❤️🍮 ‎<This message was edited>
Youuuuuuuuuu fill my heart so full, my pie. This physical feeling I get of my pudding being with me from the second I wake up to going to sleep, makes my heart feel like it’s so full, like a teddy bear nicely stuffed with perfect fluff. ❤️ 
I so often feel with youuuuuuuu, that you make our banana too easy for me - like what we were discussing with men being called brilliant when they clearly aren’t. So often I’m just told by you “be yourself and nothing else”… and well… god it’s so easy. If only every relationship in my life was like this. All you ever want from me is a piece of me however I am - and it’s always always satisfactory. I guess every other relationship in my life, I feel people want something from me which I never get to negotiate. Wheras with you, either you want exactly what I want, or we spent the time negotiating until it gets to a point where we want the same thing ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu make me smile so many times per day. The little things you do to make me smile are amazing because they are on their own totally unnecessary little parcels of joy for me - but summed they contribute a lot to a sense of going through life with you being light and happy. The flirting, or a little joke, or a well timed “pants off”. They are like the pandas you have drawn me. Just something for me to enjoy. And the feel so much bigger for the littleness of them ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment…) pants off with youuuuuuu is so nice because of such a nice attitude of “do what feels nice”. It makes pretzeling more relaxed, it makes pants off centre around comfort, and it means cuddling and affection is key to all of it. ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment…. ) pants off with youuuuuuuu, always feels “with you”. I think the nice things about the pretzeling positions we mostly chose is that we aren’t far apart from each other. It means hand holding and kissing and togetherness are everywhere ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment...) pants off with youuuuuuuuu feels so good afterwards. Cuddling, giggling, talking, walking home. Something that is so nice about pants off with you is that the atmosphere of feeling nice isn't contained to naked time, its usually flowing before and after and it makes the whole thing feel normal because the feelings aren't just contained to the bedroom ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu listen to me. There are lots of moments where I feel shockingly heard. I think whats often magical in these moments is the way you are acting on what you have heard. It always shows a seriousness and consideration in how you absorb it. ❤️🍮
I think if youuuuuuuur attitudes to me never change, then I will never have anything to complain about. So much of what you describe as us getting on nicely or pudding being nice comes from so many attitudes of protection and support to me. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu are so easy to please. I was a grumpy and aggressive asshole today probably. But it was how I felt. I don't really know how it works with this whole new thing I'm trying of sincerity, but I feel you have every right to be saying "heyyy". I don't know. But despite that I came away feeling perfectly accepted by you and like you wanted nothing else from me. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are very deeply deeply good egg to me. Imogen saying last night the more she hears about you, the more she likes you is just because I don't have a bad thing to say about you. I respond "she's great." Full stop. Its so easy for me that I'm never feeling frustrated. Never wanting to complain about pudding. How could I, she's perfect ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuu always feel nice to spend time with, because I think you understand how to be teammatey and feel together. I so enjoy this feeling I have that the more pudding the better ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so calming to me. I always get a sense that everything is going to be okay when we talk. ‘I think you never make me panic during time we spend together and it’s so nice for me because it allows me to look forward to every phone call ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu always feel very competent to me. I think the time I like it the most is that you can always explain things in ways I understand. It makes me feel your brain so nicely ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are easy to compliment behind your back. It’s so nice for me that people in my life who have never met you will think positively of you, because I say very real things but only speak positively about my pie ❤️
Youuuuuuuu always allow me to be sad. I never feel it’s a burden on you, and I’m so grateful for your approach that it’s okay to be sad for a bit. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are such a perfect pudding to me, my pie. I feel so much this sense that you are a good egg. I think I have made this compliment a few times recently, but I feel it intensely at the moment, when we’ve had moments of sadness or intense emotions, and always my pudding feels perfect ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are realistic in the big picture - but also in the small interactions. Today I was phoning you whilst always walking places and thinking about whatever lamppost was in front of me. I wasn’t perfectly considerate, or always the most present. I feel it’s important at the moment that our interactions aren’t taken lightly, that I approach them with thought and seriousness, but today’s context wasn’t perfect for that. Maybe it’s not the ideal way for it to work. But something I appreciate is a sense of forgiveness, or realism, or flexibility from you in how our interactions go. I didn’t communicate a strict boundary about how I could be on the phone, but I feel easy that I can phone you, tell you the context of where I am and feel like you accept me given the circumstances ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are very very teammatey in you approach to banana-work. I always feel very held in your approach to improving the relationship. You maintain affection, focus on wins, protect me however you can, share effort, share blame. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu never dismiss something I say. Maybe it’s because you feel I don’t say much and you are craving every word out of me. But either way, it’s so nice for me that I can gently mention something and you respond with such “I hear you”. ❤️
It is such a nice feeling to call youuuuuuuuu “my pudding”. I say it aloud all the time. It feels reassuring, relaxing, and warm. I feel like I’m holding close this feeling whenever I say it aloud and get taken into a place of comfort ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so good at designing the time we spend together to be exciting and comfortable for us both. It’s the nicest thing for me when you get excited about some time we will spend together and create a vision which I can add to, help make a reality, and enjoy ❤️ 
I say this compliment a lot, maybe it’s sort of pre-emptive. But youuuuuuuuu are always okay with me being myself and never ask more. I think I’m often writing these compliments feeling tired or not happy or just normal, and then something I appreciate is that I don’t feel I have to be any different for you, it makes the impact you have on me so easy and relaxing ❤️
I always feel noticed by youuuuuuu. I think you have a sense that you might not make it clear that you appreciate me. Maybe after feedback from James. But I always feel very appreciated and noticed for the things I am conscious of doing for you, with you, or in the banana ❤️🍮
I think I feel a little weird saying "I love you" right now, because I think I feel the feedback recently was that I don't, not by our definition of the word anyway. So I feel I don't have a right to tell you I love you, until I am extending myself in the search of your flourishing rather than taking easier options in interactions to avoid distress. Maybe what feels more accurate is "I'm trying to love you" or "I'm going to try to love you as best I can". But there is lots of compliments related to this thought. The first is that I am grateful to have a definition of love which youuuuuuu helped create for me. The second is that I feel comfortable saying this. I never feel I have to hide something from youuuuuuuu, in order to be romantic or polite. ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are satisfying to discuss the world with because you are thoughtful, reflective, and interested. I usually have a good time in these conversations because you are often open to my opinion and world view ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are such a source of peace for me. I feel all exhausted coming out of a long, relatively involved meeting, and know that an interaction with you will be very soothing to me ❤️ 
Spending time with youuuuuuuuu is like pants off with you. The more time we spend, the more I want. I get a taste and I want more. I want more talking, more activities, more presence ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are good at talking about banana things with because I think you are good at keeping the bigger picture purpose of the conversation clear. I don't feel we often get derailed or mixed up and feel a sense that your purpose is banana development and nothing else ❤️🍮
Moments where I get to be really physically close to youuuuuu always feel the best and most appropriate. If we are squeezed up to each other it just feels right somehow ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are nice for banana growing because I feel if there is something I want to try implement you will recognise that it is in our interest because we both want the same thing of a flourishing banana ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu are so deeply “good” in my soul. The idea of liking you more or less is kinda weird as a concept because like inside me, deep inside me, is where my fondness for you lies and it doesn’t nudge on daily, weekly, or monthly patterns ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are very good at communicating what you will be busy thinking about at any given moment. I think sometimes I can get the wrong understanding about what it means. I can hear “pudding doing mba tonight, so no pudding-time” but maybe I’m slightly wrong about it. But either way, I feel I’m always told very explicitly “pudding doing something else” in a way that means I’m never left guessing what my pie is doing ❤️
When youuuuuuuu fall asleep on me it feels so perfect. I feel so happy for your comfort, and I get a moment to myself to reflect on my luck to have moments with you. It’s very rare I get this moment with you. When I’m normally reflecting gratitude for the pie, I’m alone often distracted or tired or surrounded by Americans. But you asleep next to me is perfect, it’s just me and pudding and my mind is full of you. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu make an effort to appreciate the presents I give you. What’s nice for me is that I feel I can give you presents and whatever your immediate reaction, you will harness a gratitude for this. I was thinking this about a ring too. If I buy you a ring, is there a chance it isn’t exactly as anticipated? sure. But I think you will create such a good attitude to it that you will be grateful and fond of it. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu have taught me some nice things about protecting the banana from outside influence. I have learnt a lot from you about romance and bananas - but one is that we protect it from others through how we talk about it and who we let in. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu make me feel very spoilt my pie. Asking me today whether you think other people get jealous and whether I feel spoilt. I think about this all the time. People probably aren’t jealous because they have no concept of what it’d be like to receive your affection and banana-building. If only they knew… I think… it’d change their world, just as it did mine. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu in so many situations ask me to be myself. Yesterday, I wouldn’t even consider the idea that I had to be nice or kind or funny or anything to your friends for you to be proud or happy with me. I wouldn’t think twice, because I feel I have a full sense of ‘be yourself’ - and that if your friends didn’t like who I was, you wouldn’t feel any different towards me. I feel very protected by you in this way ❤️ 
Maybe my very favourite thing about youuuuuuuu, is your attitude to all relationships. I think of you as having a combination of needing thresholds of connection and understanding to be met - and that this need is very important to you - combined with an attitude of being willing to work and conflict and think about how to meet it. In our banana, I think it protects us from becoming lazy in our connection, and often you are the one finding solutions or ways for us to bond more. I feel very lucky because I think in our banana that second aspect of being willing to work and conflict and think is particularly strong. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are just always nice to be around. I could be sick, or miserable, or stressed and I would always want to spend time with you. The harder thing for me to judge is when I should place boundaries for ‘our’ benefit. I might always want to spend time selfishly, and try to have communicated by own limitations in advance - but something that maybe for ever, you will be better at than me is planning in advance how to protect the value of that time together. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu dump so much affection on me every day. I feel like it’s and endless reserve of affection. I can open it whenever I want and it’s always there for me. To drown me in affection ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu have such a nice philosophy of bananas. It makes talking about people’s relationships and our relationship so nice to me. I guess we sort of learnt it together, but to respond to a potential difference of opinion over genocidal activity with exactly the same attitude, is so nice. It makes me feel so lucky that I get to share a banana with my pudding ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu appreciate the efforts I make so widely. I have complimented your appreciation of me many times - but something I don’t think I ever said is that what is so nice for me is that there isn’t a single little tiny little pumpkin thing that I feel I have made an effort for that I feel bitter for you not appreciating. Part of that is because I always do them because I want to. But another aspect is that they are always always appreciated with pure sincerity ❤️
If I think about difficulties in communication or conflict with youuuuuuuu my perfect puddingpie, I feel there is always some important alignment about what we are seeking is honest, connected, bonded relationship. There might be differences in understandings, or ways of getting there, or expectations - but what is so nice for me is that at its root, I can trust what you want for me and for us so nicely ❤️
Youuuuuuu are so magic for this skill of “give me these things, I will be happy”… I do… abd then you are happy. I feel in so many of our interactions you have such a sense of practicality, of win-win, of what is reasonable. So situations like present-giving are never difficult or lead to misery ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu have such infectious happiness my pie. God, I could listen to you talking about dogs or MBAs for hours. Hours. I would sit there just drinking it in forever if I could ❤️🍮
Something that is so nice for me is that I rarely think that I interpret the world very differently from youuuuuuuu.I find it very easy to communicate my experiences because I have a sense that you will understand me ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are just so nice for your searches for win wins. With me and with others. It’s such a nice way to operate in the world because it is so so so the definition of teammatey. I guess I might have thought about being a teammate through selflessness two years ago - but I think I have a much better sense of teammates through win wins now thanks to you ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu always make me feel like I can access you. It’s unbelievable and something I don’t know I achieve for you. You just so never make me feel like a burden, always respond to whatever I ask, and make me feel like you are always with me ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu make interactions so easy for me. If there is ever a day that needs to be sleepy or serious or outside or anything, you make it happen. I feel so free going into spending time with you my pie ❤️
Youuuuuuuu asked me to say how I feel about the banana in the mornings. It’s a bit of a pointless exercise because I always feel the same. Even if I’m stressed or my mind goes in unhappy ways… my feelings to the banana? Just extreme sense of “holy shit, I can’t believe it”. I can’t believe how bloody lucky I am every single day to wake up in the banana. It’s crazy to me and so so so much stronger than any sense of distress
Youuuuuuuuuu hold my hand ❤️ I like that I can always reach for your hand and hold it and that you like it the same. When we’re together, I like this feeling that we spend almost 100% of the time holding hands ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu are the most satisfying person to please. There is something unbelievable in the mix of your infectiousness excitement, your knowing what will make you happy, your appreciation for small things ❤️
It is very unsurprising to me that youuuuuuuu make good tiktoks because I’ve been on the receiving end of your bedtime stories, your characters, your poems and I know that you know how to create a good time
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel so skippy whenever I see your face. This is one of the best moments, going to meet you - or even better not knowing I’m going to meet you then BAM, pudding and my world becomes smiley and my heart becomes liquid ❤️
Youuuuuuu are so reasonable. You were once surprised I thought that about you and it blew my mind, because eI think you are the most reasonable person I know. You always think of other perspectives, find where you can meet in the middle, and calculate things in ways that accounts for so many things - and then you adjust that according to others’ desires. Sooooo reasonable. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu are so nice for thinking about flourishing with. It’s a nice way of thinking about every little interaction or decision and helps me think about all of my friendships now. I like using it as a way of thinking about daily interactions, life goals, and attitudes ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu are the best smiler I know. And it’s the best when we’re close up. When we are really really close and you are smiling, beaming, god. My soul. I could drink that and that alone for the rest of my life ❤️
Youuuuuuuu so often are an oasis for my mind. If I'm cycling, wandering through the world, my mind often just relaxes into a nice thought about my puddingpie. It could be thinking of aroused phone things, or past train journeys, but it always happens by accident and is so nice ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so good at reacting to me with kindness. It happens in many ways, but one of them is via texting. If potato is rushed or busy and I know I can just send quick or short messages and I won't be punished through the withdrawal of affection. I think you often respond to this kind of comment with "ja, I don't bully you" but its so nice for me and feels at least notable in comparison to some friendships in my life ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu always come up with proactive bonding activities that address something we are feeling in our banana. Copenhagen book clubs to help our future discussion, children story youtube to help our financial situation, waffles to help our sharing of distress. I feel very lucky to have you offer these ideas for us ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are so nice to talk to because everything you say is so nice to hear. It’s considered or interesting or reasonable or funny or all at the same time. I just never listen to you thinking that you’re chatting a load of waffle ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu are so the best present giver I’ve ever met. I love my valentines presents sooooo much ❤️ You haven’t changed my attitude to receiving presents generally, because I still don’t really enjoy other people’s presents. But yours are always so perfect and feel so bright with warmth to me ❤️
Spending time with youuuuuuuuu is always nice because I feel I can express if I'm not having a nice time or need something else. Its such a nice thing for me because it protects against distance and coldness ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are honest with me. I basically have never had to distrust something you said. And if you change what you say, it'll never be out of dishonesty or even something not being considered. It makes it very nice for me because I can take everything at face value ❤️🍮
I missed youuuuuuuuuu in a really nice way this last two days. I often say this thing when I’m going to go do some time without pudding - I like this feeling of missing my pie. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are a genius with ideas that I get to enjoy ❤️ could be celebrating honeymoon ending, could be feet in feet masks for the copencuddles, could be pants off graph. I’m so lucky I get to enjoy your mind every day ❤️
Youuuuuuuu are so deeply surrounded by positivity in my heart my puddingpie ❤️ I never flicker and nothing ever changes in my feelings towards perfect pudding. I can be low or tired or stressed, but it never shifts the needle one bit on how I feel and think about you, my perfect pudding ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu make efforts in our banana. Something that is so nice and important to me is feeling like you pull your weight in our dynamic. For example, with conversation, it is effort for me to try impose myself more on our conversation. Effort that I do try to make when I can and am conscious of for both of our fulfilment. One of the things that makes this possible for me, is that I know, in turn you are making efforts to give me space when I’ve interrupted you but I’m slow to say words, or to recognise when I change a topic that I’m trying to contribute and to roll with it. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are better at relaxing with me than anyone I know. We have had so many times we spent together where I feel like nothing could be more relaxed. Maybe it’s a thing you feel you need to escape from Lucie sometimes or you just like spending time that way, but either way, it’s a great skill and I have benefitted so frequently from it ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so easy for me to feel like I get along nicely with. I have such a feeling that every second with you is special and beautiful. I’m not super happy or giddy all the time, but I have a strong sense that the time is perfect ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu put up with my talking. I guess I feel we have a lot of things to talk about, to learn, to resolve, to understand. And I feel grateful that you’re always in, for it. ❤️
Youuuuuuuu make things very easy for me. If you ever feel you want something from me, you will tell me so directly. It could be a present, or attention, or anything ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are an incredibly incredibly affectionate person. Affection has been poured my way for so long. Poured! Right into my heart. I love that it’s never tied to some performance I must do to receive it, and I love that it is so so much ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu were so right to acknowledge Sacha’s honesty. I hadn’t really clocked it but it is one of your beautiful values that I feel lucky to have learned from you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so much fun to be with on the outside outside. I love this feeling of expressing ourselves together on an adventure or a walkie or something in between. It is so rare that I feel self-conscious with you, and if it happens it will be because we are standing somewhere evil. I feel freed with you and freed by you because of this liberating sense that adventures in the world are safe. ❤️  
Youuuuuuuu are so sexy. I never knew it was possible to feel sexual in the way you make me. I think I thought you were either attracted by socially constructed Hollywood porn visual stimulation, or you had kinks. But with you, I feel sexual because of intimacy, comfort, physical touch. I really like that I feel that sexiness is mostly about comfort now. I might like the underwear you wear if they are nice and soft to touch, and comfy for your lady bits, but that is about it. Because with you, I have learnt that there is an enlightened way to feel sexiness through present being. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu made counselling feel normal to me. One of the themes of the compliments I have given you is that you make me feel normal in every way. It’s so amazing because it allows me to be myself. And yesterday was the same. I hold prejudices agains counselling, I would still struggle to go on my own right now. Maybe that will change. But it felt so so normal to me in a way it couldn’t have without you ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so easy to be honest with. I’ve been thinking about this moment when Sacha says “seems like you’re willing to risk the relationship” and you asked if that’s how I felt. It’s very on the spot which is maybe hard to deal with. But what’s so nice for me is that I didn’t lie and I don’t think I ever would in this situation. There would be no reason to. The way you treat me and respond to me would not depend on the answer, and I’m totally emotionally supported to say whatever ❤️
Something I love with youuuuuuu, is that I think we both get - and I have learnt about through you - relationship tingles. we are both excited by seriousness, by growth, and meaningful bonding. And it helps me to know that dealing with something unsaid or something tricky is more rewarding for those feelings of excitement and fancy than any amount of giggles could be ❤️
and the last one is youuuuuuuuu, are reasonable about everything. writing youuuuuuuuu.. reminded me of the youuuuuuuuu when I kept you awake. and I have yet to find anything you are unreasonable about. Nothing where I couldn't express myself and be taken seriously ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu run through my veins my pie. I wake up and I can feel my pudding physically making my blood run like sweet honey as I think of you and feel our banana in me. ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu are the perfect travel companion for so many reasons. I like your philosophies of travel, I find so much fun in the world with you, and I feel so relationally so easy with you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu make me feel so happy in your company. Spending time with you is such a drug. I'm immediately in this world of presence and joy and it lasts for as long as the time we spend together ❤️
One of the magic things about youuuuuuuu, is that when you say "I can keep this up for 6 years, yeah, pretty much keep this going" when talking about affection, or you'll say something like "this is only the start" after doing something very romantic... it's totally believable. There is so much consistency in how you treat me, alongside it not coming as a response to something I do directly, that makes it so amazing and so believable that you have an endless pit of affection for me ❤️ 
Kissing youuuuuuuu feels unbelievable every time. The same way pants off, every time I'm thinking "I never felt pleasure like this", I feel the same kissing you. We have done some amazing kissies in the last week ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu always always make me comfortable. I never knew how important comfort was. For being yourself, for being able to be present, for holding joy and appreciation in your heart. I feel so lucky to experience this with you, and so happy to have learnt about this from you ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu make me feel so good having just spent time with you. I woke up this morning, similar to how I felt after the holiday. Just so happy in my heart. I got to spend some time laughing and talking and being. I got to experience all the things I love about spending time with you, the comfort to be who I am, the openness to conversation, and the pudding and the potato being themselves, appreciating eachother. ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
One of the beautiful things about this is that if youuuuuuuuuu ever tell me you want to whisper something in my ear, I know it will be good. Your mind comes up with things that are always so beautiful ❤️
Youuuuuuu are so nice to be around. I like so much the times when we have extended time together. just because I like to be with you. I knew that being in a queue in an airport with you would be some deeply satisfying experience, and god it is. I like the transport journeys as much as anything else just because I get to be around you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuu have such a nice attitude to therapy. I have had such a positive experience from you towards the reasons for therapy, the process of therapy, and the attitude to it. It feels so warm and cuddly, and together, and happy ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so nice to talk about things like proposals or rings or birthdays because you never apply pressure on me. I feel I'm able to ask about these things in such a nice way with you where we can be honest about what we want, it improves the feelings rather than ruins them, and we have a giggle and a kissy about it all ❤️
something that amazes me about youuuuuuuu and the banana is what percent of time I spend as a total bleedin puddle. I've said this before but god, I've been such a puddle for so much of the last 2 years and I'm sat here today just feeling all melted, like so so often. Just so constantly in this state of feeling close to you, lucky, and happy. If it was one of the 6 emotions, my face would be a constant puddle-face ❤️
Youuuuuuu are so nice for your protection of me. I feel so safe in your mind. You've never had moments of hating me, or thinking of me as annoying or the cause of pain for you. And so I feel so nicely held by your mind and in such a nice place in you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so nice for never asking anything of me that I wouldn't want to give. It's so nice for me that I feel you could ask for something and the second I might say that it makes me sad, you immediately don't want that for me anymore ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are so nice for talking to me. I like so much when there are moments that you share things with me. It happens often, but then occasionally there are moments you share something with me I wouldn't expect and I like it a lot ❤️
(Bonus sex compliment...) The way youuuuuuu grab my man bits is so nice. I am so often thinking and day dreaming to the feeling of you grabbing my man bits ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are so nice to sit next to with Sacha. There is something so nice about the dynamic of being next to you, aligned, giving each other space, swapping between moments where we interact with each other to moments we interact alone. I so like this dynamic with you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuuu know and celebrate me in such nice ways. With me being a giver, or whatever the phrase is to say a bit selfless, what is so nice for me is that I do feel you know me. I feel you recognise things in me I never knew about myself. I guess part of the "do you know what you want" which might be scary for me, would be if I felt you knew me how many people do - as some projection of myself I make to please them. But I never feel like that with you. I feel honest and myself, and that you know that version of me ❤️ 
I feel like I receive so much unrequested affection from youuuuuuu. It's so nice for me because it feels like I'm just dumped with love and cuddles and presents and words of affection all the time. In some ways the valentines this year has been my dream situation, I received cuddles and letters and notes and flowers and balloons - I also got a magical evening skipping through town with you. It never really matters with you because everything always feels like we're doing what we like whatever the circumstance - but delivering presents at any time we like and is comfy is such a nice thing for me ❤️
I feel with youuuuuuuu that almost anything and everything would be enjoyable as long as we are both allowed to be ourselves. Could be therapy, could be queuing, could be brushing our teeth, could be pants off. What's so nice for me is that I get to go into all our interactions feeling excited to spend time with you regardless of the activity ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuuu are so satisfying to please. I almost said this in therapy - one of the things that is maybe dangerous about the banana dynamic is that you are the most satisfying person to please that I know. You make it easy to please you, you make it zero pressure, and you make it rewarding. It is such a beautiful concoction for me because it marries doing something nice for someone without the feeling of expectation ❤️
The things I was thinking about youuuuuuuu this morning were: on my cycle to work, I appreciated your alignment to me in common sense and reason - I like so much that I never feel that you just have a feeling that something is very different in normalcy to me. I was also appreciating that planning with you is easy - I was thinking about when I will plan train times in my day and appreciating that this will probably be a simple task of me saying "shall we do this?" and you saying "yes" or "no, let's do this instead". I thought about the cold Otto's and get this feeling of deep satisfaction thinking about when we have them all tucked up together - and I like that we have worked together on this in a way that feels team-matey, open, and that that conversation feels frequent.  I appreciated a giggle with you this morning listening to Lenny Kravitz. I also read "I love you" on my card again this morning and felt myself puddle. I thought about therapy again and appreciated what I did yesterday of just really enjoying the dynamic we have, sat next to each other in these sessions, working together, supporting each other, listening, celebrating, asking. (bonus sex nibble) I woke up appreciating pants off with you as I had dreamed of you grabbing my man bits. mwwwwahhhhhh mwah mwah
Youuuuuuu are an unbelievable present-giver, my puddingpie. I have never received gifts like the kind you have given me that give me intense joy in a moment, then joy every day afterwards. I would have never known it possible before I met you ❤️  
I feel totally relaxed with youuuuuuuu. I am a little squirrel who usually feels most relaxed completely alone, but I'm so often in situations with you where my mind is going "holy shit, I never felt this relaxed before". lying on the sofa with you today I felt it, as I did by the river with you last night ❤️
Youuuuuuuur face is god, so nice, from very close up. It's such a superpower of yours that if I'm ever very very close to your face it feels so perfect to me. You saying that "bits" maybe aren't sexy close up, I feel so differently. I think I feel everything more sexy the closer - because everything cuddlier and cuter and comfier and closer to my soul, the closer it is ❤️
Youuuuuuuu use physical touch so nicely when we're skipping through the world together. I feel so nicely that I very rarely don't want touch that you are giving me, and very rarely that I want touch and we arne't touching. It's nice emotionally, it makes me feel with you ❤️ 
Something that is so nice for me is that I can appeal strongly to a sense in teammateyness in youuuuuuuuu at anytime, internally too. Like today I was confused by the thing you said about me, it felt random, not so nice, and not how I see myself. But what's so nice about it, is that I know the bigger picture, I can quite easily frame this as an opportunity for growth with you, for an exploration of the potato through both of our eyes. I feel a lot of trust that you will be a teammate in this process. So I feel quite lucky for a discussion some time about it together ❤️ 
I really always want more of youuuuuuuu. The more time we spend, the more I want, and every time you suggest a spontaneous walkie, I will run through a wall for it. it's so nice for me that I feel this way to my perfect puddingpie ❤️
(bonus sex complement...) pants of with youuuuuuu is so so so unbelievably satisfying. I think for me pants off is never a physical itch that's needs scratching or anything like this. The satisfaction comes from the cuddling, the hand holding, the giggling about tongue situation, our lips touching during pants off moments. one-sided pants off has felt so satisfying to me in the past because of this. It's also why I think you could ask if I want to do more sex things at most moments and I'd say yes. What I hear is "do you want to hold my hand for a bit and do something that feels comfy". ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuu are so satisfying to do things with. Could be therapy, could be a present, could be cooking together. preferences are navigated easily, win wins are found and I leave feeling teammated. Cooking is a good example of this. I feel very team-mated in the way you request quiet time, or solo-tasks. Everyone is comfy, you allow me to make those boundaries too. I really like this feeling of being close to you through moments of independence and it adds to such a nice feeling doing things with you ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu are very non-judgemental of me. I feel there is almost nothing I do that you are just hard-wired to think is less than you or beneath you. It's very nice for me because it makes me feel respected and valid, always ❤️
I feel so lucky that I get to build a language with youuuuuuuuu. I feel so lucky that our language is fun and cuddly. I feel so lucky that it captures important things in life. And I feel so lucky it brings me joy ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu don't take frustration out on me. Or at least I'm regularly surprised by moments where I feel you could, you find a way to protect me in your mind. I can feel you slowly retraining me to expect this treatment and I can see myself becoming much more unaccepting of poor treatment as a result of the way you protect me ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu hold me accountable to being myself. I feel I'm learning its the best way you can be a friend in the world. There is no judgement or expectation except be honest. I think its an important aspect of flourishing and as friends to other people one of your big responsibilities. So much of the diminishing of people's lights is through the shame they feel meeting expectations of others. So remove those expectations and just hold people to account on their own terms ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu make my heart flutter all over the shop every day. Could be pants off talk, could be your voice, could be a glimpse of one of my presents. I get this emotion of buzz every day ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuu are so not emotionally manipulative. Its one of the things I sometimes have to remind myself when I'm a little bit neurotic. Pudding doesn't do that. You wouldn't hurt me to change my behaviour. ❤️🍮 
Youuuuuuuuuuu are so good at thinking of nice times we can spend together. I feel very lucky for it. We very rarely spend time together that isn't thought through about how we will feel and be together ❤️🍮
(Bonus sex compliment...) youuuuuuuu prioritise comfort in such a nice way for me. I feel very able to demand comfort now and understand that its important for me to feel good and relaxed ❤️🍮
Time with youuuuuuuu, often feels spontaneous even if it isn't - perhaps even because it isn't. I expect on Sunday I will feel how I always do, free, flowing through the world with you, uninhibited and completely at ease. It's a feeling I associate with spontaneity but I feel it with you always ❤️
Youuuuuuuuuuu touch me in such nice ways. I love that you touch my butt. And god I love that you touch me. Please don't stop. I know it's a little ticklish, and sometimes I look like I don't like it - but jesus please keep doing it ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu make so many tasks fun. Could be planning time, could be buying a ring, could be cooking. You make these tasks so nice by reducing stress at all points while creating joy and happiness. If there's something which isn't worth it, we rule it out ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu so perfectly feel right on an evening walk. There is play, and freedom, and chance to talk about anything. Walking you home is the nicest thing, there is no script, its just comfort and freedom, it so perfectly fits with how I feel with you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuu are so nice for sneaking time with me. I so like that I get nibbles of pudding throughout the week, and it feels very easy to have them with you ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuu are easy to keep a long conversation with. I mean like a conversation that lasts over a year. I like that we can have things we’re taking about that are unresolved. I like that you change your mind on things, repeat conversations, and don’t mind me repeating myself. It’s nice for me when you repeat something because usually I had thought about it since and have something new to ask, or I’ve learnt something about you that changes how I interpret something ❤️ 
Youuuuuuuu respond so well to moments where I start something saying “I feel”. It’s such a beautiful thing for me that any emotion I feel towards the banana or generally I can express and feel heard. There has never been something which I feel I have to stress about on my own - I just tell you and the stress disappears ❤️ 
Pants off with youuuuuuuu is so nice for always leaving me wanting more. Never in a unsatisfied way, just like after a really nice time, being excited to do the same again. In the days after, I’ll regularly be thinking about how nice the pants off, I’ll be generally quite aroused, and I’ll be picturing how pants off might feel next time. And what’s so nice, is that when I’m picturing a next time, I’m always picturing the same thing, because it can’t possibly be any nicer… ❤️
Youuuuuuuuu are loyal to your words. If you said something and I remind you, you never try to take it back in hindsight or downplay them. You also are quick to accept that I remembered something that you said that you don't remember saying. Its very unstubborn of you and nice for me because it validates my experience a lot ❤️🍮
Youuuuuuuuuuu are so forgiving and easy. Its one of the things I feel strongest. There is no drama no pressure no consequences and I'm so able to be myself ❤️🍮
